---
title: '1. Old Mens’ War: Prologue'
date: 2021-09-22
tags: ['Pounders', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

J.P. stared at his friend on the ground at his feet. Not my oldest friend, haha. His friend’s eyes were impassive; his facial covering shimmered with a dull gray of boredom. J.P knew if he looked around every member of the company wore the same eyes though he did not know what color masks he would see. That gray is textbook perfect. Damn, Dan is good. Maybe Dan could hide his emotions but for the rest of the company their masks covered —barely covered—a roiling mix of emotions: relief, anger, sadness, rage, probably some envy. It was over for Porno Dan now. “Don’t let me bleed til I pass out,” he said weakly. Nicky Glasses, the company’s medic, looked up from where he was kneeling beside Porn. “Nothing else?” J.P. asked. “Ahhh..,” Nicky said. “Maybe if we can med-evac…” Dan grabbed Nicky’s shoulder and tried to pull himself up. He practically spit his words into Nicky’s face. “No! It’s mine! Mine! My turn!” Nicky shoved Dan off of him and stood up. “Fine,” he muttered and took a few steps back. JP looked at Nicky and back at Dan considering the wound. It was risky. A med-evac might be able to make it in time to save Dan. “You’ve lost a lot of blood, Dan.” “No shit, Sherlock.” Dan tried to claw himself into a sitting position. When that didn’t work he just reached for his rifle. In his weakened state he could barely drag it to him. One of the guys started to help him but Dan took a swing at him. Blood dripped slowly out from multiple wounds every time he moved and this swing pumped more of it out. Dan finally managed to get his rifle up and aimed at J.P. but the end was wavering pretty badly. He could not have gotten a clean shot if his life depended on it. “Get me a pounder and the delta” J.P. said quietly. Dan visibly sighed with relief but he did not lower the gun. Three men dragged an enemy combatant forward. He looked more surprised and confused than scared. Idiot, J.P. thought. We’re a long way from Geneva. Behind the men and the prisoner another man carried a short shotgun. They marched the prisoner to about 5 feet from Dan’s prone form. J.P. nodded and the soldier with the shotgun handed it to the prisoner. The prisoner looked down at it confused. He almost by habit checked the chamber but managed to restrain himself. This was not the place to see if you had live ammo. “Now,” J.P. said. Dan fired his rifle at the prisoner but the shot went wide, almost hitting Nicky. “Hey!” Nicky said. “Watch it!” He turned to J.P. “He can’t even shoot the fucking thing straight. Let me call it in.” Dan fired again and then again, then a third time; each time missing the prisoner. The prisoner had grasped the game and made a dash to run away. He was crouched low to make himself a smaller target. One of the soldiers (who like everyone else had taken cover when Dan started firing) kicked at the man as he ran by knocking his feet out from under him. He screamed something at them and tried to get up. Dan cursed and tried to aim the rifle but it was really wavering now. J.P. held up a hand. “You sure you can do this, Dan?” Dan nodded though his eyes were a little unfocused. If it was going to happen it was going to need to be soon. “Pole him,” J.P. said, pointing at the prisoner. The prisoner was trying to get up now and fighting furiously. It took a few minutes but eventually the soldiers around him managed to hold him down while another one looped a lasso at the end of a long pole around his neck. The soldiers frog marched him over to stand in front of Dan again. “Neck, Dan,” J.P. said. “No shit, Sherlock.” Dan said. He aimed as well as he could at the struggling prisoner. He pulled the trigger. The shot hit but it slammed into the prisoner’s stomach. The man doubled over, his body straining against the pole. “Pole! Pole!” someone yelled and the men holding it dropped it like it was on fire. LaLD, Dan’s second, stepped forward. He grabbed the prisoner in a light choke hold and held him upright. One of the soldiers loosen the lasso and slipped it off. Normally, they would wait until the prisoner was dead and more…pliable…but Dan did not have that long. So J.P. grabbed the shotgun which had fallen at the prisoner’s feet and tried to hand it to the struggling and moaning man. When he did not take in J.P. nodded and another soldier stepped forward and punched the prisoner in the stomach three times. It might leave a mark but it was explainable and a risk they would have to take. J.P. shoved the gun into the prisoner’s hand. The man took it weakly and J.P. slid his arm around the man, weaving it between his back and LaLD’s stomach. He managed to catch the man’s hand and force two of his finger onto the trigger. J.P. yanked the barrel of the shotgun toward Dan and pulled the prisoner’s finger backwards onto the trigger. The shotgun fired, the shot blasting into Dan’s bullet proof vest which stopped some but not all of the blast. It slammed him onto his back. J.P. let the prisoner go and waved for Nicky to call it in. He walked over to Dan and knelt down. “You’re not my oldest friend,” he whispered. Dan did not respond. His eyes were glassy. He was gone. Behind J.P., Nicky was calling for a medical evacuation. J.P. heard the call but only half-listened. He stared down at Dan. “Full evac!” Nicky was saying. “We are dispatch—“. There was a pause. “Task Unit Medic 2, we show acting Lieutenant Barthaare as status: terminated.” “Well, you’re fucking wrong, shit bird,” Nicky said gathering up his medical supplies and stowing them in his pack. His frantic tone did not match his slow, methodical packing. “Please confirm the Lieutenant’s status, medic.” There was another pause and Nicky walked over to Dan. He waived a small device over Dan’s forehead. “Status: terminated,” the voice on the other end of the line said. J.P. cut in. “Captain Juan Pablo Castello here. The acting Lieutenant’s status is confirmed, Control.” “Fuck you both,” Nicky said as he held up his watch and looked at it. He yawned and stretched lazily. “Medic 2 has taken the liberty of noting the time, Captain and Control.” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “Sign off, Medic 2 and get your gear squared away,” JP said. The line beeped as Nicky tapped his neck. “We have the enemy shooter,” JP said. “But the Lieutenant got him in the stomach as they were exchanging fire.” “Death sequence noted,” the voice said in JP’s ear. “Rank insignia?” “Two bar Sargent,” JP said looking over at the prisoner. The man was sagging against LaLD’s arm. After a moment the voice spoke. “Proceed with enemy termination. Leave the body with the Lieutenant’s for forensic analysis. Retrieval is in route. 15 minutes out.  Continue with the mission.” “We will wait,” JP said. He waived for the company to get dug in for the night. “Negative, Captain. You are directed to continue with your mission.  Asset needs immediate extraction.” “We will wait until processing is complete,” JP said slowly, carefully enunciating each word. The call would, of course, be recorded. After a moment the voice responded. “Suit yourself, Captain. Restart mission in 2 hours. Control out.” The connection closed. He could hear the screaming engines of the Retrieval team’s ETract in the distance. 5 minutes? More like 30 seconds. Probably dispatched as soon as Dan’s life functions went flat. He marveled as always that Control used the same tactics, trying to catch their company in a lie. Maybe they did not care and we just following some pre-assigned script. Still the company would stay and closely watch the Retrieval team. He would sign off on it so that it could not be changed later by a higher up. That would keep company there for most of the night and some of the morning. The AO had been cleared of unfriendlies so the Retrieval team would not feel compelled to finish up and get back to base camp. Everybody took any and every opportunity to dodge Control’s gaze that they could. “He wasn’t my oldest friend,” said LaLD, walking up and looking down at Dan. He had just finished knifing the prisoner in the neck to kill him and also cover up any evidence of the pole’s lasso. “No shit, Sherlock,” JP said, smiling a little behind his mask. He hoped it was not enough to slide its color towards humor. He marshaled his emotions into a bored callous disregard for everything and everyone around him. Retrieval was touching down in the clearing. JP watches the open bay doors to see if he knew the OIC. He did not. “‘No shit, Sherlock.’ Good one. I am going to steal it.” LaLD said. His mask indicated a slight smile, too. JP did not bother tell him to rein in his humor. To anyone looking it would (mistakenly) look like a subordinate salivating over a wartime promotion. That would fit right in with what Control expected from this company of halfwits and thieves. JP knew the promotion would be exactly opposite of what LaLD wanted—the old man hated even being a 2nd, let alone in charge of anyone else. “Get your platoon buttoned up, LaLD,” JP said. “Retrieval is here.” “My pla—“ LaLD stopped mid-sentence. He looked down at Dan’s body. “Oh.” He cursed and stomped off. The Retrieval officer approached JP and saluted. JP returned the salute. “Butcher shop, huh?” The officer nodded around
