---
title: 10. Old Men’s War: Fatso
date: 2021-12-24
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

When Don got off the bus at the barracks it literally groaned.  A few Gerrie recruits were standing around watching the new meat come off and all three whistled. “That is a big boy,” Dapper Din said. “A real hoss,” Stampy agreed. The third man just scowled.  A Gerrie company had a set number so sometimes “filler” was shoved their way.  But this guy was so fat it was practically an insult from HQ or Recruiting. The fat man took two steps away from the bus door and then stopped.  He looked around slightly bewildered. “You lost, lard ass?” Stampy yelled.  “We do soldiering in here.” Dapper elbowed him.  “He got off the damn bus, didn’t he?” “What do you think, Cap?” Stampy asked.  The heat was blazing and the fat man already had rivulets of sweat running down his forehead. The captain just turned and walked back into the barracks.  “Get him settled,” he called back over his shoulder.  “Close to the door so he can leave quietly.” The fat man had been watching the exchange and now stepped up to Stampy and Dapper Din. “I’m supposed to report to my company,” he said nervously. Stampy smiled broadly.  “Of course, of course.”  He gestured towards the barracks behind him.  “Right this way.” The fat man peered around Stampy and into the doorway.  “It looks a little…rustic.” “Wait until you see the inside,” Stampy said.  “This is Dapper Din, by the by.”  Din bowed deeply to the fat man. “You mean ‘Dan’?” The man asked.  “Like Dapper Dan, the hair cream?” Stampy laughed.  “We already had a ‘Dan’ so he got ‘Din’.  Porno Dan beat Din here by a day.  Can you believe that?  A day!”  He reached for the fat man’s bag. The little man stepped back, putting it out of Stampy’s reach.  “I have it.” Stampy looked at Din.  Then he shrugged.  “You are going to do great here.  Let’s go meet your new bunkmate: Beaner.  You are going to do great!”
