---
title: 12 - What am I doing?
date: 2019-02-04
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Ellory pressed her thighs with her hands, the jeans made a textured sound as her palms passed over. Michael clicked his mechanical pencil trying to get the lead to come out long enough to write but short enough not to be broken. Pens were a college utility Michael realized he appreciated after finally after etching a title onto his paper with uneven markings. The lunch room was empty except two lunch ladies wiping down the stainless steel platters. "OK, so this is for a biography piece of some one we want to know better" Michael said; Ellory's eyebrows lifted slightly and her sneaker squeaked a bit as she adjusted. "That's nice, I hope there aren't too many questions, I don't want you finding out I am crazy" Ellory snorted a bit laughing and lifting her hand to cover her nose. "No, not too many!" Michael assured her while trying to think of a way to say something like 'your not crazy'.

"Question one, what do you want to do before you die?" Professor Mcallister urged Michael to start with that question, their are so many layers to it he proclaimed. So Michael decided he would start there, after all Ellory thought she was answering with 60 years of things to come, and not two and a half years. It didn't sit well with Michael, a wave of worry passed through him, maybe she would somehow know that he knew she would die soon. Of course, Ellory didn't figure out Michael was visiting from a future time laying on dorm floor listening to sound waves permeating time and pressing past to present. "I want to paint a whole gallery's worth of paintings. I want to be in a movie, probably more than one, but at least one. I think I want to make the world a better place, by like spreading happiness. And I really want to build a big house with room for all my friends, it would look like a couple houses all joined up." Michael wrote quickly as Ellory gave her list of desired accomplishments. He paused for a moment trying think of a way to get one of those done. Eddie had told him that the list you get isn't what people want to do so much as how they want to be known.

"Ok, good list question 2. When were some times in your life when you really wish you had someone their for you, but didn't?" Michael asked. The question didn't feel as natural as Michael had hoped, the professor warned him the question would be hard to answer. "I.. uh... well... I think there were a few times. We all have a few right?" Ellory stammered a bit but she thought hard about how to answer. "I know I had several, like when my Grandfather died, I was at soccer practice when my mother told me. I started to cry as we walked to the parking lot." Ellory's voice trailed off a bit. "My coach came over and put his arm around me and assured me. The other kids laughed, and I wanted to hit them. I am glad I had coach Badget, so I guess I had some one!" Ellory looked at Michael who was hurridly scribbling. "And can you tell me the date when this happened?" Michael asked, his excitement with his progress making him look a bit too happy.
