---
title: 2. Old Man’s War: Chapter 1
date: 2021-10-08
tags: ["Old Men's War", 'Carl Schreiber']
---

He could hear the screaming engines of the Retrieval team’s ETract in the distance. 5 minutes? More like 30 seconds. Probably dispatched as soon as Dan’s life functions went flat. He marveled as always that Control used the same tactics, trying to catch their company in a lie. Maybe they did not care and we just following some pre-assigned script. Still the company would stay and closely watch the Retrieval team. He would sign off on it so that it could not be changed later by a higher up. That would keep company there for most of the night and some of the morning. The AO had been cleared of unfriendlies so the Retrieval team would not feel compelled to finish up and get back to base camp. Everybody took any and every opportunity to dodge Control’s gaze that they could. “He wasn’t my oldest friend,” said LaLD, walking up and looking down at Dan. He had just finished knifing the prisoner in the neck to kill him and also cover up any evidence of the pole’s lasso. “No shit, Sherlock,” JP said, smiling a little behind his mask. He hoped it was not enough to slide its color towards humor. He marshaled his emotions into a bored callous disregard for everything and everyone around him. Retrieval was touching down in the clearing. JP watches the open bay doors to see if he knew the OIC. He did not. “‘No shit, Sherlock.’ Good one. I am going to steal it.” LaLD said. His mask indicated a slight smile, too. JP did not bother tell him to rein in his humor. To anyone looking it would (mistakenly) look like a subordinate salivating over a wartime promotion. That would fit right in with what Control expected from this company of halfwits and thieves. JP knew the promotion would be exactly opposite of what LaLD wanted—the old man hated even being a 2nd, let alone in charge of anyone else. “Get your platoon buttoned up, LaLD,” JP said. “Retrieval is here.” “My pla—“ LaLD stopped mid-sentence. He looked down at Dan’s body. “Oh.” He cursed and stomped off. The Retrieval officer approached JP and saluted. JP returned the salute. “Butcher shop, huh?” The officer nodded around
