---
title: 3. Old Men’s War: Solemn Man
date: 2021-10-20
tags: ["Old Men's War", 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Dan looked away from the pile of bills and pills on the nightstand. It was the seventh, maybe eighth time he had done his little routine this month.  Grab the pills in his fist, bring it towards his mouth…and pause. Eventually, he would put them down again roughly and get out of his bed. He would walk to the window or maybe the bathroom but never would that little pile of death be completely out of his line of sight. He had played this game before over the years. More frequently over the last few years. But this time felt different. The first time had ended with him violently flushing the pills down the toilet. He had stormed out of his bedroom, out of his house, and into the hot Florida sunlight with a newly found appreciation for life. He had become enlightened. But enlightenment fades over time. The failures and rejections pile up. The old ones you were hiding from poke their head up above ground. You start to lose at your Wack-A-Mole attempts to beat them back. This time felt different though. His parents were safely out of town. He phone was ready to start the countdown to call Emergency Services after a few hours. All he needed to do was swallow and push a button. That way it would not be his parents (hopefully) that would find him. But the pills and his demons just wouldn’t shut up. Dan went to his bathroom and for what seemed like the millionth time he stared at the old man in the mirror looking back at him. Old, failed, purposeless, rejected. Dan practically had a PhD in rejection. Yes he had known it was part of the gig but come on! Can’t a guy at least get a one break!? A little one?! “No,” he said to the mirror. His next words were supposed to be something like “enough of this shit, I’m flushing the fucking pills for good this time.” But instead what came out was “playtime is over.” Dan gaped at the paunchy middle-aged man across from him in shock. I actually mean it, he thought. He looked back into the bedroom at the nightstand and the little pieces of death sitting on it. He knew somehow it was time to go. He just knew. And it scared the shit out of him. He had not written a letter of explanation this time. “I’m a failure” was pretty evident just looking at his life. At his room in his parents’ house that he had never quite managed to move out of.  No explanation needed. And the only people that cared—his parents, a bunch of friends and acquaintances at the pub, maybe an old work colleague or two —they would not need a letter to explain what they saw every time they looked at him. Quickly, before he lost his nerve, Dan raced into the bedroom and practically dove into the bed. A memory of himself as young child diving into this very bed flashed through his mind. His dad running along behind him, both of them laughing. Dan—Danny actually—little Danny laughing as his daddy tickled him. The memory hurt. The look of the unconditional love of a parent in his father’s eyes. The pure selfishness of what Dan was about to do flashed through his mind and he shoved all of it away. He grabbed the pills and slammed them into his mouth and mashed the button on his phone to start the Emergency Services call countdown. “Hello, Dan. This is—“ a voice said from the phone. He had already started swallowing the pills, but so many in there at once was making it difficult to get them down. He turned the phone over and looked at the caller ID, but did not recognize the phone number. “Dan?” the voice said again, unsure. Dan tried to speak but a pill lodged in his throat and he started to choke. He spit everything out of his mouth, spewing it all over his comforter and hacked. The irony of him choking to death on the pills he had just decided NOT to kill himself with was not lost on him. “Yes?” he spluttered finally. “Dan, it’s Elizabeth Wells,” the voice seemed a little more confident. “Are you okay? Is this…ah, not a good time?” The woman’s voice was cultured. “Who is this?” he asked. How many of those fucking things did I swallow? “Hold on!” Dan grabbed the phone and rushed to the bathroom. He hated vomiting with a passion but he stuck his finger down his throat and after a second he was retching. He rested his head on the edge of the toilet for a moment, trying to clear it. He had dropped his phone facedown on the floor but he could vaguely hear the caller was still talking. “…school…question for…” Dan picked up the phone. “Wh—“ He retched involuntarily and then coughed. “Who—“. Another retch. “It’s Lizzie, Dan. Jesus.  Lizzie Caresh,” the caller said and Dan’s heart stopped a beat. “I’m sorry,” he said. “Liz from high school?” “No, from your fucking wet dreams. Of course from high school, you asshole.” All of the affectation and put-on culture was gone from Lizzie’s voice now. Dan was silent, unsure what to say. “What do you want? I’m sort of in the middle of something here.” “You’re in the middle of something?” Lizzie asked like the concept of him having anything to do—of anyone having anything to do—except what she wanted of them was completely foreign. It probably was come to think of it. “Stuff,” Dan said. He knew it sounded childish but “committing suicide” felt a little too personal. That thought took his eyes back to the bedroom and his nightstand. Then he looked down at his phone realizing what had happened. She had called right as he had been trying to set the timer for Emergency Services and her call must have popped up and he answered it right at that exact moment. What were the odds?  Apparently pretty good. Lizzie was saying something. Instead of listening he stared at his phone. Was this some sort of sign? Not to do it? “Well…?” Lizzie asked. “Yes or no?” “What?” Dan asked, putting the phone back to his ear. Now Lizzie sounded irritated. “Did you hear anything I just said!?!” “No,” Dan said. “Can you start over?” Lizzie was silent for long enough that he looked down to see if she had hung up. But the call’s second counter just kept climbing. Finally, she spoke. “You’re going to make me beg.” It was not a question. Dan waited, unsure what to say. Her voice—even based on his vague memory of it—sounded strange. “What do you want? Money? A quick fuck? What is it going to take?” “Take?” Dan asked. He had missed some crucial part of the conversation but damned if he was going to ask the girl that ruined his life (or at least started it down the path to Hell) to catch him up on what he had just woolgathered through. Lizzie spoke again and all her bravado and venom was gone. “Please, Dan. If there was anyone else I would ask them, but it has to be you. You’re his father.” Quickly she added: “Biological father.” Dan’s jaw dropped. He cocked his head. “Did you say ‘father’?” Dan’s mind reeled. “Are you high?” Lizzie asked. “No,” Dan said, trying to stand. His legs were wobbly and it had nothing to do with the morning’s events so far. He stared at himself into the mirror. “I was just trying to kill myself when you called, but…” he said absently. “Did you say ‘father’, like as in ‘son’ father or did you mean like ‘priest’ father.” “Hold on,” Lizzie said. “Did you say you were trying to comm—“ “It’s not important,” Dan said. He had a son ! But how? How…. Dan did the math. High School 10 year reunion. Supply closet. Shit. “This kid is 14?” he asked. Lizzie started to say something else then sighed and muttered. “Yes. Fourteen.” He could hear her regret. It was fresh. Same as he saw it in her eyes as so many years ago. Let’s forget this ever happened , Dann y. Dan had…a son. Images flashed through his mind. Ones he had created as fantasies back when he had dreams about being a father and a husband and successful and internationally recognized and…. But now—Dan looked over at the pills again. But now everything was different. He had a son! He felt a weird rush of pride. And the usual anger—life had stolen yet one more thing, 14 years of being a father. But he had a reason to live. Finally, something not just centered around his own stupid, pointless life. What did a father do with a 14 year old? The kid would not even know him. But a biological father had a special relationship with a kid, didn’t they—especially a son, right? Some sort of inherent bond through shared blood. “What we’re you saying about the only one?” Dan said suddenly, remembering her earlier words. “What can only I do what for him?” “Take his spot, Dan,” Lizzie said. “You can take his spot in the draft. Please, Danny. Please. I’ll do anything. Just tell me.” “Anything…?” He said the word but he was not asking Lizzie for anything. He just did not know what to say at that moment. His reason to live… “His spot!” Dan yelled. “You called me to fucking take a kid I never even met’s draft slot? Join that old man soldier group?” He was not angry that she wanted him to take that spot, only that she/Life had just ripped away yet another thing from him—God, one break! Just one fucking break! “Do you know what the life expectancy is for those fucking guys?!” Dan yelled. The irony of a man who had just tried committing suicide now being scared about getting killed did not escape him. But it was one thing to have the option to pull the trigger yourself whenever you were ready—it was a totally different thing to have a guy out in the dark somewhere with a gun trying to make that choice for you! “Didn’t you say you were trying to kill yourself,” Lizzie said in a small, but strangely hopeful voice. Dan exploded.  “How dare you! How. Dare. Fucking. You. How dare you call me! Who the fuck do you think you are—“ “The mother of your son,” Lizzie yelled back at him, angry now, too. “The one that has to tell her husband oh by the way I fucked and old boyfriend accidentally but thanks for playing Daddy for 14 years.” “Well, boo-fucking-hoo,” Dan was gritting his teeth now. He wanted to kick something. Someone. His righteous fury faltered for a second when he looked down and noticed he was wearing his bathrobe. What kind of asshole kills himself in his bathrobe? “Why doesn’t Mr. Wonderful—“ Dan stopped.  It was a genetic test.  Everyone knew that.  He was not going to give Lizzie the satisfaction of talking down to him. Fuck her! “His name is Dan,” Lizzie said. “You married a guy named the same—“ “My son is named Dan,” Lizzie said. “His father doesn’t know why. Now.” Dan stumbled on something and cursed. He had been pacing. Righteously pacing in righteous anger. The mention of the boy brought him up short. “You named him after me?” Dan said. “Where are you?” “I don’t know,” she said. “In my car. Driving around. I couldn’t make this call at home.” She sighed. “I think I’m near the beach. Actually near your parents’s house. Where do you live now?” “I’m at my parents’s house.” He said, then added: “Housesitting.” It was sort of true. She sighed heavily. “Cool. I remember how to get there.” She still thinks I want to fuck her. Okay he had not seen her but he did want to; even without seeing her. So maybe her sigh was not completely unjustified. Dan walked in the bathroom and looked in the mirror at a middle aged man in a bathrobe with traces of vomit around his mouth. “No,” he said quickly. “Not here. Um, that would be…disrespectful.” Lizzie snorted. “Fine. We’ll go to your place. I’ve got the draft swap papers with me.” “I want to meet him,” Dan said suddenly. “My son.  Our son.” “What?” Lizzie said.  “Meet him?” “Yes,” Dan said. “Where is he?” “School, but—“ Dan grabbed some clothes out of his drawers. “Good. Bust him out and meet me at Getanos in 30 minutes.” Dan lifted an arm and smelled his armpit. “An hour,” he amended turning on the shower. “But—he’s in. He—I can’t just…Danny I will not take…plus that’s a bar!” Lizzie said. “No shit, Sherlock,” Dan said. “One hour. Table for two. Me and him. And give him the papers. Not you.  You fuck off to your car.  If he’s not there I walk.” Lizzie was silent.  Maybe letting him process through asking her to leave her son in a bar by himself while she waited outside in the car. “Fine,” Dan said.  “You can sit at the bar and drink whatever rich girls drink as their mistakes save their ass. And I haven’t ruled out a blowjob—two blowjobs—at some point in the future, by the way,” Dan said and hung up. Dan went back into his bedroom while the water in the shower heated up. He dropped his phone on the bed and grabbed the large pile of pills on the nightstand. It was enough to kill him 10 times over. Some had fallen onto the floor and he picked those up too. He went back into the bathroom, tossed all of the pills into the toilet and flushed them. Gone. Then he went and grabbed every secret suicide stash in his room. In his room in his parents house. What the fuck was I thinking…? He flushed way more pills than he ever remembered buying over the years. Fuck, Dan! Just fuck! Fuck. He had a son. An hour later, he stepped into the bar that had seen him through so many of the lowest points of his life. It was why he had instinctively chosen it. This was his home turf. If life was going to throw a Fuck You he would already be in the right place to deal with it. He recognized Lizzie at the bar. She had a few more miles on her than the last time he saw her but she still looked amazing. A blowjob was not sounding like such a bad idea. An image flashed through his mind. She would leave her husband and they would raise the boy together. She had always loved him and— you’ll be in the middle of a fucking war… That poured cold water on his daydream. Jesus! I should go in for a full fledged fuck. That started to generate a few new daydreams but then he saw himself sitting at a table alone. No, not him, but, a, well, a damn good likeness of him as a boy. Not the shitball you turned into though. Dan slowly covered the distance to the table, staring at the boy the whole way, and pulled out a chair. He sat down. “Hi, I’m Dan,” he said. The boy nodded—no, a teenager, not a boy and for some reason that disappointed Dan slightly. One of the waitresses came over. “You want your usual, Danny?” “Yes—no! I mean yes. My usual: water.” For some reason it embarrassed him for the boy—teenager, the teenager—to know he was here at the bar enough to have a ‘usual’. She looked at him and then shrugged. “You want another soda?” she asked the kid. The kid nodded. Is he deaf? Dan wondered. Actually dea f is when you can’t hear. He— The waitress and the kid were staring at him.  She raised an eyebrow. “What?” Dan said. “Food…?” the waitress asked slowly. “No, I’m—wait,” he looked at the kid. “You want anything?” The kid shook his head. The waitress gave the kid once over and Dan a mildly curious look then left. “So…” Dan said, drumming his fingers on the table. The kid stared at him, not hostile just curious. “So…?” the kid said back.  He took a drink and chewed on the ice. Crunch.  Crunch, crunch. Crunch, crunch. Dan fought the temptation to look over his shoulder at the clock—mostly because he had nothing else to do today.  Well, actually now he did, didn’t he? “Where do you go to school?” “Douglas Anderson,” the kid said. He took a sip of his drink. “No shit?” Dan said. “I teach there! Well, taught there. I don’t now. I quit; I didn’t get fired or anything.” Dan realized he was babbling and fell silent. “When?” The kid asked looking down at his ice. If he chews that fucking ice aga in… “Last…two, two years back I was there,” Dan said, counting Christmases spent—well, actually spent in this bar.  Maybe he should have ordered his real usual. “Can I get a beer?” the kid said suddenly. “What?! No!” Dan was less shocked that the kid—his kid—asked for a beer and more shocked that the question had come right when Dan was thinking about getting a drink. Maybe he just wants to seem grown up. “You ever been in a bar before?” Dan asked. The kid shook his head.  They stared at each other uncomfortably. The waitress brought their drinks and left. The kid looked over at his mother then up at the clock Dan knew was on the wall above his head.  “So,” the kid said. “What did you teach when you were teaching?” “Film: the bastard, red-headed stepchild of three departments,” Dan said a little bitterly. Kid is probably in theat — But the kid’s eyes lit up. “Wait....you’re the old teacher?” “Not old,” Dan cringed.  “Former.” The kid kept talking “You are 'Solemn Man'?”  The kid stared at him with something like respect…no, awe.  “I’ve seen your work.” Dan sat up straighter in his chair and cocked his head slightly. “You have?” “Yes...,” The kid looked suddenly concerned. “No one said--they’re on the server. We didn't kn—“ Dan held up his hands. “It’s okay.  I just didn’t think…I just,” he took a sip of water. “I guess I thought when I left the Administration deleted them.”  Dan cleared his throat.  “I left on less than…” His stuff was still there.  On the server.  That was proprietary.  Maybe he could sue those bastards.  Dan imagined himself standing in front of a judge.  “I just want my old job back, your honor.  For the children.  And also 10 million dollars in compensation for emotional distress.” The kid was saying something and Dan turned his attention back to him to listen. “…in order, but since you weren’t there we just made up our own.” The kid sat up. “Actually, now that you’re here what is the correct order?” “Order?” Dan asked. “What?” “The order,” the kid said, nodding. “What order do they go in. Your films.” Dan thought for a second. “Well, no order. They’re just—they’re not connected. They’re all standalone.” The kid’s mouth dropped open. He looked down at his drink then back to Dan. His mouth worked silently then he leaned forward conspiratorially. “I promise I won’t tell anyone the order. I swear! But just me, like me to know only. Like one other person besides you, you know, in case…” “In case…?” Dan prompted. He shot a look over a Lizzie but knew she was too far to hear their conversation. The kid looked embarrassed. “In case, you die. In…in the war.” He sat up suddenly. “Oh,” he said pulling a folded piece of paper out of his pocket. “I am supposed give you this.” He slid it across the table.  “For you so you can, well, you know.  Mom said so you, for your daughter.  Well, anyways, that’s it.” Dan picked the paper up and unfolded it, knowing what it would be. The draft transfer form. The kid had leaned in again. He was talking film, the gravity of the piece of paper he had given Dan completely forgotten. “…is supposed to be first? And which is last?  Just first and last. I can figure the rest out on my own.” He looked up suddenly. “I’ll write you at your base and tell you and write me back and tell me if I’m right.” “That’s a lot of ‘writes’,” Dan said after a minute. It was a lame attempt at a joke but the kid at least pretended to laugh. “Yeah,” he said. He sighed sounding a lot like his mother.  “I’m being annoying. Sorry, I do that sometimes.” Did they have bases for Jeries? Dan wondered.  He was going to need to do a little research. “Me, too,” Dan said. “People say I’m annoying too sometimes. Actually a lot of the time.” Dan read the form. It had his information filled in and small Post-Its where he was supposed to sign or initial. Nothing was filled out for the Child Being Temporarily Supplanted section. At the very bottom of the form it did inform Dan he would be tested at the Recruitment Center for confirmation of genetic matching. And there was some mentioned of penalties for falsifying records and… The kid looked still looked crestfallen though he was trying to hide it.  He started to go after the ice again. “Why do you think the films are connected?” Dan asked the kid quickly, hoping to head that little torture off at the pass. For a moment the kid stared at Dan like he had grown two heads. Then he smiled like he had just figured out the rules to a secret game: the Master was testing the Student’s Resolve to be let into the secret Club. He held up his hand and began ticking off reasons, counting them with his fingers. “First, there are 8 films: 3 shorts, 2 commercials, 1 half length, and 1 that looks like it was intended to be a trailer for a full length. Second…” Dan smiled in spite of the fact that he was holding a death sentence in his hands. The kid was using a pedantic tone suitable only for late night coffee shop debates. He shot a look over at Lizzie who was on her phone. Husband, probably. Wondering where his trophy wife and my kid are. The kid was onto his third finger. “…each film has a bit part walk-on character who obviously is meant to represent you. Fourth—“ Bit character ? “Hold on, what bit character?” Dan asked. “Characters,” he amended. The kid leaned back and smiled incredulously. He raised his counting hand then realized he was 4 fingers in on that one so he raised his other hand and counted as he rattled off eight bit characters. Dan racked his memory trying to place each name though some were just like “the guy at the gas station in the background watching.” Dan waived his hands and shook his head. “That guy at the gas station was just some guy watching us film who got into the shot. And the girl in the second commercial was—actually I don’t even know who she was but she wasn’t even a part of the script.” “Ah, but you put them in there. You could have left them out.  I watched all your stuff including the pre-edits.  So obviously there was a reason.” The kid was still coffee shop debating and Dan realized he was too. “Well, yeah, possibly but in each case as an artist I…” he stopped. “Well, maybe you have a point with the gas station guy.” The kid’s face lit up but Dan held up a hand. “But the girl in the commercial and the, what was it, oh, yeah the car they were sitting on talking that was definitely not…” It was two hours later before Dan finally conceded the eight bit characters. It had been a lively, sometimes raucous debate, but the kid had won the day. Every argument soundly trounced over a steady delivered barrage of waters and sodas. “I gotta pee,” the kid said, standing up from the table. “I’m fine,” Dan said trying to salvage some of his pride. “But before you go don’t you want to hear the proper order of my films?” Dan said smiling. The kid blanched, torn between two different needs. Dan leaned back. “What’s it gonna be, Sherlock?” He managed to keep a straight face for all of 30 seconds before he laughed and waived the kid on. When the kid hesitated Dan said “I promise to tell you when you get back.” The kid gratefully spun around then stopped. “Oh here,” he said and pulled a pen out of his pocket and set it on the table. Then he dashed off towards the restroom. Dan stared down at the pen. He had gotten so caught up in the coffee shop debate with the kid—his kid, Dan reminded himself—that he had forgotten the reason he was really there. Slowly he opened the form. No name filled in for the kid. My kid. He looked down the bar (Dan had moved the discussion to the bar because who debates at a table?). Lizzie was staring at him. No, Elizabeth was staring at him. Lizzie did not exist anymore. Staring and waiting. Would he tear up the paper? Walk out while the kid was gone? “Okay,” the kid said, sliding back on his stool at the bar. Dan saw Elizabeth look down at her phone on the bar then pick it up to answer it. She stood up and walked outside. No I’m not in a bar, baby. We’re at the library. I’m not with an old ex-boyfriend. “I owe you a sequence of films,” Dan said. The kid nodded. “What’s your name, kid?” Dan asked. His fingers toyed with the pen, spinning it slowly around. Signing my own death warrant, Dan said to himself. The kid looked slightly embarrassed as he realized he had talked for two hours with an adult and never once introduced himself. “Everett Wells,” he said sheepishly. “You got a middle name?” Dan asked staring down at the pen. The kid…Everett could tell something had changed while he was gone. “Christopher,” he said slowly, a hint of curiosity in his tone.  Dan could feel the kid’s eyes on him. “Why?” the kid said when Dan did not saying anything else. “You a ‘Jr.’?” Dan asked. “No,” Everett said slowly. “I’m the third. Why?” “Everett Christopher Wells, III,” Dan said as if considering it. He looked down the bar but Elizabeth Wells must have still been outside on her call. Or maybe just hiding out there. Or maybe he was supposed to go out there and let her blow him. Dan did not remember her blowjobs being particularly earth-shattering. Definitely not “sign your own death warrant” level stuff. Dan looked at Everett Christopher Wells. Never will know who I am , he thought. Fucking Lizzie. So she gets everything she wants: husband who thinks he has a faithful wife, kid who does not know what a lying bitch his mother is, and hey, probably even an inconvenient sperm donor that cannot spoil the soup because he is dead, dead, dead. “You’re 14, right? Getting close to that draft aren’t you?” Dan said. A few people nearby turned their heads toward him. That was about as impolite a question as you could ask in this day and age. Even in a bar full of aged losers with their ‘usuals’. The kid’s face drained of all color and instantly Dan felt like a complete asshole. He shoved the feeling down. Why should this kid—his kid—get Dan’s life and his death. Life or God or whatever Fates were out these had taken everything from Dan. Every opportunity was stolen away. What was it that snotty punk kid at Douglas Anderson had said to Dan? Oh yes… “You ever heard the phrase ‘those that can’t do, teach’, Everett Wells the Third?” Dan asked.  Everett watched him carefully then smiled. “Obviously!  Everybody has. You carved it into the wall of the Film Studies room.” Dan’s eyebrows rose, his malice gone, replaced by real curiosity. “They left it there?” Everett Christopher Wells #3 smiled widely. “No, they sanded it, painted over it, even tried to replace the wall section but every time they did we just carved it back in.” “Carv—why?” Dan said. “Because you carved it first and your films are fucking awesome,” the kid—his kid—said, like it is painfully obvious. He was looking at Dan as if he was wondering if this could be the same man who carved that graffiti in a fit of rage. “Because you carved it,” the kid said again.  He lowered his voice.  “Remember?  ‘Fuck anybody that wants to erase you!’.  From the short. The 3rd in the sequence.” “5th,” Dan said smiling.  The kid opened his mouth to protest but Dan held up a hand.  “Fine, 3rd.”  Dan actually had no clue what line the kid was referring to but it was a good one. Dan could see the unbridled joy that the kid was hiding as he remembered their film order discussion.  No that wasn’t joy that was straight up glee.  The kind you get when you have a secret weapon your enemy doesn’t expect. To have verified proof from the Creator that you were right about something.  Oh it was going to be a verbal ass-whooping given out in the Film room tomorrow to whoever had disagreed with the kid’s order sequence of the film. “So, can I?” the kid said looking up. “What?” Dan asked.  He stood up from the stool. “Write to you at your base?”  The kid pulled out his smart phone out of his book bag. “You want to write to me?  You don’t even know me,” Dan said. “Well, sure, letters and you know…” Dan’s mouth dropped open.  “Are you trying to get me to read your screenplays, you little shit!?” The kid started to protest but Dan smiled.  He ruffled the kid’s hair.  “I’m kidding.  Yeah, send them to me.  I’ll need something out there in the brush to wipe my ass with.” “Then I’ll print them on sandpaper,” the kid laughed.  Then his voice dropped.  “But will you write me and tell me…what it’s like?  Over there?  So I know what to expect?  And don’t bullshit me, okay?  I can handle it.” The kid looked so scared and it literally felt like someone was trying to rip Dan’s heart of out his chest.  ‘Handle it’ looked like the absolute last thing the kid could do. Dan put a hand on the kid’s shoulder.  “Your mom is smart.  She will figure something out.” The kid nodded his head and did not look a bit like he believed Dan.  He was too old to believe in fairy tales and his Mommy being able to fix everything. Dan leaned down and stared the kid in the eyes.  “You will never go over there,” he said slowly, enunciating each word. Too old to believe in fairy tales but not too old to believe in his heroes.  His hero: Solemn Man.  The relief in the kid’s face was palpable.   The mystery being who had been tearing at Dan’s chest stopped. Dan stood up and waved for Elizabeth Wells to come over.  “Send me your screenplays. I’ll read them,” he said to the kid. “But you gotta do something for me.” He leaned in close and whispered “when you’re old enough you gotta get my saying as a tattoo somewhere.  Just to piss off your mom.” The kid gave Dan a sly smirk. Dan had just been about say he was kidding. Why do I get the feeling there is a whole class of film students at Douglas Anderson who already have that tattoo. Maybe getting out of town was not such a bad idea after all. Elizabeth arrived and Dan handed her the signed papers.  She took them, nodded and steered her son—their son—towards the door. “Jaime!” he heard his son say as his mother ushered him out the door.  “You are not going to fucking believe who I just met.  And get this, I know the ord—“.  The door closed, cutting off the sound of Everett the 3rd’s voice. “Probably should settle up my outstanding tab,” Dan said to the bartender, Jo, as she walked by. “It’s paid,” she called back over her shoulder. The words took a moment to process.  “Someone paid my bar bill?” he asked as she came back by.  Dan did not know the exact amount but he knew it was probably of decent size by this point in the month.  Jo stopped, put down the beers she was carrying.  She delicately put a hand on his.  “Paid, Danny,” she said.  She picked up the beers and walked off. Dan looked away, embarrassed.  “Thanks,” he mumbled after her.  His eyes met those of the man a few stools down.  Bill something.  Dan had lost at darts to him a couple of times.  The eyes were hard, hostile.  Dan kept turning, taking in the whole room.  Everyone—his sometimes friends, his often drinking partners, really just a bunch of strangers—all were staring at him.  Some looked sad, others like Bill looked angry, a few smiled.  A couple of people looked down hurriedly when he met their eyes. Home turf , Dan thought. “Why, Johnny Ringo,” Dan said loudly, doing his best Doc Holiday imitation.  Everyone looked up.  “You look like someone just walked over your grave.” Solemn Man—failed filmmaker, hero to (soon-to-be-if-not-already) tattooed wayward youth filmmakers, an unintentionally absentee deadbeat father, and generally all around prick—walked out on his way to find someone halfway across the world to finish a job he had started earlier this morning.
