---
title: "4. Old Men’s War: The Pirate (1)"
date: 2021-11-17
tags: ["Old Men's War", 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Beaner did not smile much.  When he did it was the smile an assassin gave you right before they put a bullet between your eyes.  Or maybe a wolf that was busy chomping on your entrails and wanted to thank you for that great (and now last) meal you ate for lunch. Beaner knew this so Beaner did not smile much. Of all Gerries, he was the most feared by the locals around the base.  And by the other guys.  And by the officers.  And by the base’s resident dog.  And birds.  And… But Bean—other than the standard enemy killing any Gerrie had to do—did not have a violent bone in his body.  To his knowledge he had never done anything to garner that type of fear. But people were funny.  Prisoners, when the Jerries bothered to take them, might try to get the jump on other guys but no one ever tried Beaner.  Other guys who would and actually had shot a prisoner just because they looked like they might try to escape—those guys always seemed to get tested.  Beaner just looked at them and that somehow settled the matter. So it surprised him as much as anyone when the kids who hung around the base came looking for him specifically. “Bad Man, Bad Man.” A gaggle of them were at the outer fence.  “Bad Man” was the nickname they had given him. Beaner approached the inner fence.  He realized belatedly that he was holding his trench knife because he had been shaving.  The kids took a few involuntary steps backwards. Beaner waited.  The kids shuffled uncomfortably.  In the distance there was the sound of automatic gun fire but neither Beaner or the kids took notice of it. This was a regular occurrence.  The kids dared each other to speak to him he knew. Frankenstein , I feel your pain , Beaner thought. Beaner’s wrist comm vibrated slightly against his skin.  He touched his ear piece and subvocalized an acknowledgment then cut the line.  Another mission.  He turned to go, the kids forgotten. “It’s a ship,” one of them said.  They practically yelled it like a war cry. Beaner stopped.  He waited.  Beaner was efficient in everything including his movements.  No wasted energy. “It’s a pirate ship, Bad Man.  We found it.” Beaner turned at that.  They were 100 kilometers inland and at least half that to any river. “Where?” Beaner rasped.  It sounded like a knife being dragged across a whetstone.  He always rasped because some stupid jag-off had tried to slit his throat in a fight but only managed to screw up his vocal cords.  The other Gerries had a field day with that one.  Scariest man in the world just got scarier. “Roof,” said one of the kids, stepping forward.  “In the Arctic.” Beaner stared at the kids, trying to workout their meaning. In … Arctic?  Roof? “Attic?” He rasped after a moment. “Room in roof,” another kid said, nodding. It sounded like a trap of some sort.  “Where?” “We take you,” said one of the biggest kids.  He had to be about Beaner’s third daughter’ age.  12.  Maybe 13.  Just getting his first bit of peach fuzz on his cheeks. “Where?” Beaner asked again.  He doubted the pirate ship bit; it was just too unique and interesting.  A detail designed pique the interest. “Far,” said a little girl who was standing behind another boy. Beaner’s comm went off again.  “You want a fucking written invitation, Bean?”  That was the captain.  He did not seem to be afraid of Beaner only mildly uncomfortable.  That endeared him to Beaner. Beaner clicked his wrist comm once. “We have some deliveries to make, too.  West.” Beaner grunted and cut the connection.  He looked at the kids.  If could confirm it was an ambush and word got out he would get half the company demanding to come along.  And he would have to get it sanctioned as an AO. He turned and walked back into the workshop, put a few heavy weight garbage bags into a wheeled cart and dragged it outside.  The kids were gone as he had expected they would be. At the chopper, a few of the Gerries helped Beaner load his packages.  He climbed in and untied the first bag.  All of the body parts were neatly arranged and the freezer had not frostbitten where he had branded on them the unofficial Gerrie symbol—a person in a wheelchair, like on one of those handicapped hang tags, brandishing a gun.  One of the guys looked over accidentally then turned his head and threw up out of the open bay door.  A few men edged slightly farther away from Beaner and his macabre “deliveries”. Beaner re-tied the bag and took a seat nearby.  As the chopper lifted the captain spoke.  “Extraction in a hotspot.  Lots of Toms.” Beaner stared out the window at the passing scenery like most of the guys did.  Mission, destination, we’re unimportant.  Gerries had one mission and only one: Die publicly and verifiably and take as many of the bastards with you as possible—preferably at the same time. “Who we pulling, Cap?” asked Tiny Dancer.  “A Tom?” “Pilot,” the captain said.  He checked the mission pad.  “Air Force captain Sam—“ the captain squinted then enlarged the text.  “Samantha Long.” “No Keries out and about?” Toad Sprocket asked.  He was literally as far away from Beaner as possible in such confined quarters. The captain shook his head.  “Nearest company of Valks got lucky and need to restaff about half their head count.” Keries, or Valks or in formal parlance “Valkyries”, we’re the female equivalent of Gerries.  There for the same purpose, with the same reward and rating system.  Though telling a Kerie she was a “female version” of anything was dangerous.  Why “Keries” and not “Junes” as in “June and Jerry” from the old song by Lee Smythe?   Because as one Kerie put it “Because fuck you!”  Beaner did not care for most Keries.  As a group they seemed a bit too blood thirsty for liking.  He had seen some of their Post Office work on a Gerrie/Kerie swap week.  It was…creative.  They did not brand  a symbol on like the Gerries did to enrage the enemy and thus ensure more lively firefights.  They did not have to; no one had any problem identifying a Kerie package delivery.  The trouble came in identifying what the “package” might have been while they were alive. Once they were about 20 kilometers out from the base Beaner had the other Gerries (with stronger stomachs) help him toss the “packages” out of the chopper.  With any luck there would be a full scale retaliatory attack on the base in the next few weeks. But those had gotten less frequent the longer the Gerries operated in an area.  Success was its own enemy.  And when the gosh dang Keries came it seemed like half the bad guys in the area just got up and left. Why bother doing all this nasty “packaging” work to enrage the enemy and draw them in (and hopefully make them murderous)?  Still at leaset the bad guys that stayed behind you knew were serious operators.  So maybe there was a method to the Keries’ (clearly) madness. “We’re operating off the grid this time,” the captain said.  He got a few laughs.  It was an tired joke.  Gerries only got suicide missions over the off the grid.  In the beginning that was fine but the longer they were in country the better they got as a company.  They were having to go farther into enemy territory to get a good chance of getting killed. And also it was getting harder to find enemies to “package up” for delivery.  A visiting colonel suggested picking up civilians and maybe even children to “really send a message”.  That poor guy accidentally fell 100 feet from of a chopper while reviewing the area surrounding the base and landed on his own trench knife. Pistol Pete circled around to pick up the colonel—on the off chance he survived the fall.  But accidentally unloaded a few hundred rounds of 50 caliber into the area where he fell.  And the guy’s staff was so distraught they kicked the crap out of themselves when they got back to the base. It wasn’t good to mention children to Gerries.  Especially not hurting them.  Top Brass didn’t  come out to visit much anymore.  Accidents could happen to anyone at any time out here. The captain nodded at the bag.  “Got enough.” Bean considered the bag.  “Depends on how far.”  The captain nodded, satisfied.  Beaner knew the captain was checking on his mental state.  If a guy ever started enjoying “packaging” work it was time to pull him off it.  Bean still hid in the bathroom and cried for hours after every pack out.  Back home Tom Coffee was a small butcher trying to hold onto a small family-owned meat shop.  Over here he was the “Beaner the Bad Man.”  Tom Coffee could not afford to get injured he had to die.  He would never go home again after what he had become. “Neighborhood kids said they found a pirate ship,” Beaner said.  Everyone in the cabin looked up shock.  That was more words than Beaner spoke in a day.  And not in response to something.  The captain had used up most of them up already with their earlier conversation. “Did you say a pirate ship?“ Porno asked.  Beaner nodded once. “Sounds like an ambush,” Pretty Pete said.  Beaner looked out the open bay door.  He knew that right now his teammates were looking at each other like wolves.  Who would get to go and get a chance to end this madness? The captain touched his ear piece.  “We’re here.” Everyone looked out the window and mentally prepared themselves.  KIA, not injured and definitely not knocked out and captured.  Porno flipped on his camera and verified the feed was active. It wasn’t hard to see where the pilot went down.  Her plane had left a giant swath of jet parts and burning fuel. “You sure she’s alive down there?” Porno asked. The captain shrugged.  “She was when she called for a pickup.” Beast stood up suddenly and aimed the M-60 that was resting in the bay door stand.  He began firing.  There were bad guys out searching for the pilot.  Everyone sprang into action.  Some aiming out the bay door looking for and finding targets, a few guys freeing up drop lines in case the team needed to drop in. The M-60s in the other two choppers opened up. “Take a fire team and check out the “pirate ship” tomorrow,” the captain said while he paused to reload, getting ready for the rush out once they touched down. Beaner nodded once.  That had been broadcast on the team channel.  Beaner would have a lot of “friends” tonight. Every Gerrie on the team would put aside their fear and discomfort for the chance to walk into a legitimate ambush.  Great opportunity to up your body count and pad your reserve of Double Ds (Delay Days) in case you got injured and needed some recovery time before you were re-cleared for field duty. Beaner as the company’s delivery guy had at least 3 years of DDs accrued.  He got a percentage of every bad guy he packed out. A flare went up in the distance and turned in a green column of smoke as it fell.  The pilot had seen the Gerrie choppers and just pointed a big arrow at herself for the Gerries.  But also the bad guys.  The race was on. Pistol Pete veered towards the smoke column and everyone stopped firing.  Until they could see the downed pilot any moving object could be her.  Beaner marveled again at how efficient his company had become.  On their first mission they had accidentally shot the extraction target thinking it was a bad guy.  Nerves and inexperience.  The Gerries had neither now. “Let’s rock and roll,” Pistol Pete said over the group comm.  Masks went on. Guns were reloaded.  The chopper touched down. Hell came pouring out of it.
