---
title: '5. Old Men’s War - The Biker (1)'
date: 2021-11-26
tags: ["Old Men's War", 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Clint was literally the oldest Gerrie in the company.  And that was saying something. And no one expected him to make it past Basic—even the rest of the Gerries.  But when he burned through the physical and broke the submersion time record the Gerries changed their stance.  The drills and Top Brass were not sold but that did not matter; once the Gerries took a guy in he would pass.  When one guy was struggling the Drills got distracted by another guy’s hijinks.  Every Gerrie had scars on his back where he had held up the barbed wire so another guy could get under it. But Clint had not needed the help.  He could endure anything.  He could run all day.  He could tread water.  He could stand on a log while everyone else dropped off or fell off from exhaustion.  For a while Clint mostly kept to himself—until they came across the grave stones. They were halfway through a 20 miler under about 60 lbs of weight when they passed a row of old gravestones.  Clint stopped and nearly tripped three guys behind him.  He turned off the trail and walked over to the stones and stood in front of them.   That one was too hard to cover.  The Drills were all over him in a second.  The Gerries typically squared away their own so any cracks in the group the Drills jumped on with a vengeance. Clint ended up carrying two packs then and the Drills drug them up and down the hills until early in the morning.  Even Clint’s legendary endurance was flagging slightly when they stumbled into the barracks. That ruck was enough.  There were only a few hours until sunrise and they knew the Drills would be on them with a vengeance at first light.  Might as well stay up.  An hour or two of sleep would almost be worse. “Clint,” Porno Dan said.  “What’s with the gravestones?” Clint heard the underlying question. Why did you drag the rest of us into this shit? “It is kind of a long story,” Clint replied. “Good,” Porno Dan said.  “I need something to keep me awake.” “I hear you always need something to keep you up, Dan,” LaLD said. That got a laugh.  Clint did not know LaLD well but he liked him.  The small, stocky man was quick with a joke and could take a razzing with out an ounce of injured pride. It was not just Dan who sat down though.  The entire platoon gathered around.  Some guys talked a lot so you listened rarely.  The guys who spoke very little you listened to carefully when they did.  Especially if you were going to go to war with them. “Ok,” Clint said.  He was more of a loner but he could recognize when he had put other people in a bad situation.  And he had been in the unit long enough to know he would come to heavily depend on these men even more. “My wife passed about ten years ago.  Suddenly.  And I guess I sort of gave up for a while.  Ruined some relationships.”  There were nods of acknowledgment from some of the other men.  It was not an in common enough story, especially not in this room. ——— Clint stared down at his desk.  Things had accumulated there in his absence.  Or maybe they had always been there.  He tried to organize them mentally, but they seemed to swim in front of his eyes.  Clint realized he has been standing over his desk since he arrived at the office, he had not even taken off his coat or sat in his chair. He looked up to see his boss standing in the doorway.  Clint fought the urge to look down at his watch. “Early lunch?” his boss asked. “No.  Thanks, Dale.  I have a lot to get up to speed on.” “Sure, sure, Clint,” his boss said.  He stepped out then paused in the doorway.  “Why don’t you drop by my office on your way out today.” Clint and his boss stared at each other for a moment.  “Sure, Dale,” Clint said.  Dale smiled and stepped out. A month ago Dale had been ‘so happy’ to have Clint back.  Every week that passed though he seemed a little less happy.  Clint had thought he had been ready to come back.  Most days though he looked up to find the office dark and just his light on.  No one thought that was strange ole Clint had always been a bit of a workaholic.  But Clint was not actually doing anything except taking up space. He needed a coffee.  Maybe visit Greta.  There was a shop just down the road from the cemetery.  An hour tops. Greta’s grave was clean.  She was buried in her family plot.  His spot was to be on top of her.  Whenever he died they would dig up some space above her and bury him with their coffins touching.  He had joked that he would have them bury him face down over her.  She had joked back that he had better make sure she died first then because she would have them both buried face down and her on top. Ha ha ha. Clint knew he needed to go back soon to get fired.  It was the right thing to do.  He had not done any serious work since he had been back at the office.  Answered month-old emails that were now irrelevant.  Attended meetings where his only contribution was to sample some of the donuts. That was a change; he used to be a commanding presence in meetings. He had not considered a month ago the possibility that the whole thing would seem so…arbitrary.  Every day though he took his lunch down to Greta and ate there, sitting beside her, his back leaning against her gravestone.  The first few times he had gone back to the office with grass stains on his ass.  That probably shocked a few people.  Clint was always impeccably dressed.  Or had been. Sighing, Clint stood up.  He checked Greta grave and gravestone.  Now that was what he kept “impeccably dressed”.  It was immaculate.  His phone and he answered it automatically. “Clint Drummond,” he said.  He checked the the tree above Greta.  None of the leaves looked ready to fall.  Still he might give it a shake before he left so he could grab and loose ones that might come down in the middle of the night. “I have been trying to reach someone for a few weeks now,” the caller said, a man.  He sounded irritated.  He also sounded a little stoned. “We’ve—I’ve been busy.  Who did you say this was?” The man sighed exasperated.  “Do you want the bike or not, man?” Bike? “Greta’s bike…?” Greta was an avid cyclist.  Clint was not.  Too many client meetings and power lunches combined with lack of anything resembling exercise had left Clint with a bit of a middle-aged “Dad” body. On the other end of the line the man was looking at something, probably his register screen.  “No…uh…nope, man’s bike.  Cross-country.  City slicker tires.” “A—fuck!” Clint yelled.  He had been walking, not paying close attention and he had veered off the grass path and tripped over a half-sunken gravestone.  “Sorry,” he said.  “Hold on.  Fuck! Fuck!  Fucking fuck!” “Uhh…” the man said.  “Uh, you okay, man?  I can call back later.” “No,” Clint said, rubbing at his shin with his free hand.  “No, I tripped over a fucking sunken gravestone.  Forget about it.  Look where’s your store.  I’ll come get the bike.” “It’s already paid for,” the man said.  He sounded wary about Clint coming by.  Clint could not blame him.  Right now Clint knew he sounded like a crazy person. Clint looked down at the gravestone.  The sad, little thing had been there a long time: the engraving was faded with age, moss had half covered it and the name was hard to make out. But not the age: ten years old. 1878 to 188. “What are your hours?”  Clint looked at his watch. “We’re open til 6,” the man said. “Okay, thanks,” Clint said and disconnected the call.  He looked around.  He had wandered into an older section of the cemetery.  A lot of the gravestones needed some form of repair.  Clint knelt down and used his suit jacket’s sleeve to wipe away some of the moss. “That’s better, isn’t it,” He said after a few minutes.  “Rebecca,” he said, tracing the girl’s name with his fingers, trying to peel out some of the gunk that had accumulated over time.  The gravestone was still half-sunken so he pulled up on it.  It wiggled slightly but nothing more than that.  Clint wrapped his arms around it and heaved with his legs.  The stone moved slightly and Clint strained harder.  It seemed he had gotten weak as well as fat.  Clint got on his knees for leverage and pulled left then right trying to get it free.  The stone moved, then moved again.  Slowly, Clint worked it out of the ground.  It was longer than he expected and buried deep.  He laid it down carefully on the grass and then went looking for some loose dirt. He got lucky and found a pile near the back fence but no shovel so he scooped it and carried it in his hands.  It took about twelve trips but eventually he had the gravestone’s hole packed down to his satisfaction. He carefully inserted the stone and packed dirt around it.  A few more trips to the dirt pile and the stone was secured.  Clint sat back, exhausted and checked his watch.  It was close to 3pm. ——— The bike shop was called the Rusty Sprocket.  It was tucked away in a small, dying strip mall.  Leaves had collected into crux of its L-shape.  Traffic had been worse than expected; it was 5pm. When Clint opened the door he was greeted by the some music that was popular about 20 years ago.  The kid behind the counter looked like he had been born when this music came out. “I’m Clint Drummond,” Clint said.  “I—“ Clint stopped when he realized the guy was staring at his clothes.  He looked down and realized what the kid was staring at.  Clint’s designer suit jacket was ripped and dirty.  His expensive pants had dirt caked on the knees and his hands looked like, well, like Clint had been digging in dirt. Clint shrugged and walked toward the sales counter.  He watched the kid’s eyes flick towards the back door.  Maybe he was verifying he had a clear path to an exit in case Clint turned out to be as crazy as he looked. “I spoke to someone about a bike,” he said. “That was me,” the kid said.  But he wasn’t a kid.  As Clint got closer he realized the guy was an older man, maybe 10 years younger than Clint but he was dressed like—and looked to be in as good a shape as—a twenty-something year old kid. Behind the man was a picture of a giant mountain and a second shot a cyclist on a bike with thin looking tires.  He was hunched over the bike’s handle bars climbing up was looked to be a 40 degree slope. “That you?” Clint asked, impressed. The man looked over his shoulder then turned back.  He smiled slightly.  “A younger, dumber version filled with more piss and vinegar.”  Clint smiled and looked around.  The shop was small but clean.  There were posters on the wall advertising various brands of bikes and a few pegboards with tools for sale hanging on them.  Clint could see what looked to be a workshop in the back, behind a partially closed door with a sign that read “Employees and women with tight asses only.” The man cocked his head slightly.  “You said you were at a graveyard?”  Clint nodded.  He stepped toward the bike tools.  So many gadgets. The man’s voice was somber, slightly hushed.  “And you’re Greta’s husband?”  Clint nodded again tightly.  “I’m sorry,” the man said.  It was half a statement, half a question. “She liked cycling for sure,” Clint said by way of acknowledgement to a question he did not want to answer. The man sighed heavily.  “Well, cycling liked her back,” he said.  The man pointed at a wall with pictures on it and a small poster on 8x11 cardstock.  Clint moved closer and examined the pictures.  There were about a dozen pictures with Greta and various other cyclists.  The poster read: “Cycling For Charity: You Can Make A Difference!”  Clint read through it; something to do with getting kids out of the inner city and into cycling.  There was a picture of Greta on it.  One that he had not seen before.  A recent one.  He traced it with his finger. “Could I, do you, do you have a copy of this poster I can have,” Clint asked.  “Or I can pay you to replace this one.” The man stood up.  “I can do you one better.”  He reached up to a shelf behind the counter and retrieved a book from it.  He put it on the counter and opened it.  He flipped a few pages until he found one with a picture—Greta’s picture in it. It was the one from the cardstock poster. “She gave us that to make up the poster,” he said, handing the photo to Clint.  “I put here so I wouldn’t for…” the man looked uncomfortable suddenly.  “Well, for when she came back for your bike.” “Thank you,” Clint said and meant it.  “It was like finding some strange treasure.  This photo of Greta.  It was recent.  It was one he did not know existed and for some reason that meant the world to him right now. Clint’s looked down and noticed the book the photo had been stored in.  It was earmarked and notations had been made in it.  The man turned the book around so Clint could see it better. Clint turned a few pages.  It was a road atlas but someone had gone through manually and made it specific to cyclists.  Lists of bike repair shops and places that were friendly to camping cyclists had been circled or noted.  None of it was in Greta’s handwriting though. “It’s a road atlas for cyclists,” Clint said.  The man leaned forward and turned a few pages to the next section. “That is more of a guide.  This,” he said, pointing a finger at a map at the start of the section, “is where the book really starts.” Clint turned a few pages; all maps but none of them marked up. “The adventure begins,” Clint said dryly. The man turned a few more pages and there was actually a small notation in the margin.  Clint leaned in closer.  It was a road near here; not far from his and Greta’s house. From his house. The man closed the book and pushed it towards Clint.  “She was going to buy it.  You should have it.  On the house.” Clint looked at the book and then pushed it back to the man.  “Thank you, but it should go to someone who will get some use out of it.” The man shrugged and replaced the book back on the shelf.  “What about the bikes?” Clint pointed at the flyer.  “Donate it that.  It’s what she would have wanted.” The man stared at Clint.  “Maybe,” he said but he shrugged again.  “I’ll take her bike but not yours.  No kid can ride that beast.” Clint felt that the man was lying but was not sure how to respond.  “What am I supposed to do with it?” The man shrugged again.  It was starting to annoy Clint that shrug. “We’ll, I have no way to take it now.  I will come back for it…Tuesday.” Clint turned to leave but turned back.  “Do you possibly have a wire bristled brush and some sort of cleaner?  And rags?” The man nodded and went into the back.  While he was gone Clint looked at the posters hanging around the shop.  As expected, everything was cycling-related or actual pictures of what he assumed were famous cyclists achieving some cycling gear of endurance or strength. The man returned with the requested supplies.  He handed this to Clint.  “You can return them Tuesday,” he said as he walked back around the counter and sat down.  “When you come for the bike.” “I can pay you for—“ “Tuesday,” the man said and turned back to his screen. Clint left.  Back in his car he stared at the supplies on the seat beside him. What did I want with those? The thought had come to him like a whim.  He was asking for them before he knew he was doing it. The following day Clint did not bother to go into the office.  He knew what conversation with Dale was waiting for him there.  He drove instead to get his morning coffee and then over to the cemetery to visit Greta’s grave.  As he was walking the path to her grave he saw the entrance path to the older section of the cemetery where all the rundown graves had been.  He paused then walked on. As he expected the damn leaves had started to fall and some were covering the grave.  He spent a few minutes cleaning them up and then looked down at the supplies he had brought from the cycle shop.  He scrubbed at Greta’s gravestone for about an hour getting it clean of any gunk that might have gotten into the carved lettering and wiped the stone.  He had brought some cleaner from home but for some odd reason spit and elbow grease seemed to work the best. Eventually he sat back and checked the gravestone, looking for any imperfection.  There were none.  He started to talk to Greta about work and the office but found that he could not save the meeting with Dale he had skipped out on.  He sat for a few minutes listening to the wind.  The tree swayed slightly beside him as the stronger gusts hit it. “I went to your bicycle shop,” he said eventually.  “I saw your book.” “I don’t want the bike though, Greta.”  Clint said standing up.  “It was a nice gesture.  Really.  It was.  But I am so out of shape I probably couldn’t make it up the hill of our driveway.”  He chuckled.  Then said softly, “Remember we were BOTH supposed to grow old and fat together.” Clint gathered his things and said his goodbyes.  He was not lying about being out of shape.  The short hour of scrubbing Greta’s gravestone still had him breathing hard. He noticed the entranceway to the older section of the cemetery as he passed it.  Suddenly with all his might he chucked the wire-bristle brush down it and tossed the rags after it. His bike—the “beast”—should more than cover the cost of a used brush and some rags. Screw that guy! Screw Dale!  Screw the whole damn world!
