---
title: '6. Old Men’s War: The Biker (2)'
date: 2021-12-04
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

And the damn guy just kept calling. For a month, Clint ignored a lot of voice messages and phone calls.  Every email went straight the recycle bin.  He even ignored the bills but Greta had set up all of that to auto draft or hit a credit card and then those to autopay so it was more of a screaming-at-the-storm gesture. His office called; Dale’s admin a couple of times, Dale once, HR, coworkers, even the mailroom guy called once for something.  Clint ignored them.  Relatives, well-wishers, sympathizers, people, people, people called called called.  They eventually all gave up.  Clint suspected in his towering pile of mail was his termination letter.  Maybe a nice goodbye card.  Or get well soon. But that damn bike shop guy just kept calling.  Every other day to the point where Clint did not even bother listening; he just deleted the messages along with all of the others until it was just that guy. Clint had not crossed the threshold of his front door in a month as well.  So it kind of shocked him when he heard the knock.  He was binge watching TV in his robe and underwear.  Somewhere he had dug up a pair of slippers. At first, he ignored whoever it was.  Most likely a delivery guy or someone selling something. Maybe I should get a dog. The knock came again.  And again.  It went on like that for twenty minutes.  Knock, wait a minute, knock.  Rinse and repeat.  Finally, Clint gave in.  The Golden Girls TV show he was on seemed slightly familiar anyways which meant he had probably binged it at least once before.  No way that was a delivery guy. Clint peered out the window.  It was the guy from the bike store.  Clint’s fists balled in fury.  He grabbed the door and yanked it open, forgetting he had set the alarm.  The guy was just about to knock again and looked both horrified and confused when simultaneously the door disappeared from under his pounding fist, the alarm went off like a banshee and Clint appeared in the doorway. “What!?!!” he yelled over the alarm to the guy.  “What what what what what?  What?” The guy took a step back and then another.  He held us his hands.  “Your alarm is going off.”  He pointed into Clint’s house. “Wait here!” Clint yelled and slammed the door.  He stormed over to the alarm panel and disarmed it.  Then he stormed back over to the door and yanked it open again. “Well?” he demanded. The guy looked him up and down.  “I just came for my tools.  My bristle brush and—“ “What?!” Clint yelled.  “Are you—are you, are you serious?  You drove out here for a damn brush?” “It’s a good brush,” the guy said. When Clint scowled he said “I’m a small businessman.  And I brought your bike.”  He gestured to Clint’s left.  Clint looked out of the doorway and saw “the beast”, “I told you—“ Clint realized he was yelling which was fine, but he was getting a migraine, which was not.  “Look I told you I don’t want the bike.” The man shook his head.  “I left you like 1,000 voicemails.  I told you last week I was going to drop it off here if you didn’t come for it.  And I need my stuff back.” Clint rubbed at his temples.  “They’re at the cemetery.  Where Greta is buried,” he added. “Why?” the man asked with genuine curiosity. “Because I was cleaning Greta’s gravestone.”  Clint was tired.  He has been sleeping a lot lately but he was suddenly dead on his feet. “It needed to be scrubbed…” The man asked.  He looked left and right taking in the giant mansion in front of him, “already?” “No,” Clint said.  “Well, yes.  Dirt and grime can ruin those things quickly.  They’re wide open to the elements—“ “Which is why they’re stone,” the man said slowly.  “Sort of the point, right, of using stone?” When Clint just looked away the man asked, “When are you going to get them?   I can’t come back over to this side of town until next Tuesday.” A small part of Clint’s brain asked him if he was going back.  Another part though, wondered why they had not been back in so long. “I don’t actually know where they are,” Clint said.  “I, sort of, threw them…into another part of the cemetery.” The man’s jaw dropped open.  “Why…?” Clint realized he had no earthly idea why.  “I have no earthly i—“ “But…why?” The man interrupted. “I was angry?” Clint said, though it came more as a question.  He felt like he was 14 and had just been caught smoking.  “Look just keep the bike,” he said, gesturing at ‘the beast’ resting forlornly against one of the columns in front of the house. “I don’t—I don’t want your bike, I need my brush,” the man said. “That bike has got to be worth—is this like some special brush or something?” Clint said. Instead of responding the man just looked at Clint.  Then he looked left and right again taking it the giant house.  Then he looked somewhat sadly down at the bike.  Clint could practically read his thoughts. Rich guy, doesn’t care about anyone’s stuff.  Thinks he can buy the world.  What did Greta see in him? Clint was not exactly sure he knew the answer to that question at this moment.  “I can get it back,” he said weakly. The man managed to combine sarcasm and disbelief into a very convincing and chastising look. Actually , Clint thought, I feel about 6 years old right about now . The man just shook his head and turned around.  He began to walk up the driveway. “Hey! The bike,” Clint yelled after him. “It’s paid for,” the man yelled over his shoulder. Clint stared helplessly after the man.  He looked down at the beast.  “Did you ride this here?” “There’s trails,” the man yelled and then he was gone, around the bend of the driveway leading up to the street. “Wait!” Clint called.  “Take the damn bike!”  He grabbed it and tried to wheel it after the man.  “Hey come back here!  Hey!  Hey!” Clint made it halfway up the hill before he could not run-push the bike any further.  He dropped it and ran after the man; his lungs and heart felt like they were trying to pound their way right out of his chest. When he reached the top of the driveway he found the man assembling something. Clint doubled over, trying to catch his breath. “Wha—“ Wheeze, “What are—“ Wheeze.  “What are you doing?” The man looked up in surprise; though, Clint was not sure if it was because a man in a bathrobe was chasing him or if because a man in a bathrobe was about to have a heart attack in front of him. Clint wheezed and hacked for a solid minute before he was able to stand up and speak.  “What’s, what’s that?” He said, pointing at the steel frame the man was screwing something into. The man stood up and held it up.  “Backpack bike.” Clint could see that it was miniature, foldable steel bike.  By the way the man was lifting it it seemed extremely light. “You’re going to ride that thing across town?” Clint asked.  He heart was still trying to rip free from his chest but his lungs at least were finally cooperating and sucking in glorious, life-restoring air. The man had finished assembling the portable bike. He eyed it critically.  “No, there’s a bus stop about 3 miles down the main drag from here.” “There is?” Clint asked, surprised. The man just rolled his eyes, got on his bike and peddled off. “I’m going to get your brush,” Clint yelled at the man’s retreating back. The man flipped him a rude hand signal and then turned the corner and was gone. ——— Greta’s gravestone was in good shape but the plot had gotten covered with leaves.  It took Clint about 20 minutes to get them picked up and tossed far enough away that the wind would not just blow them back onto the plot.  He scowled up at the nearby tree who was clearly the culprit. “Sorry it took me so long to get back, baby,” he said to the gravestone. ‘I was busy falling apart and binge watching Golden Girls re-runs’ seemed a bit trite so Clint did not mention that part. When Clint had left that morning he almost ran over the damn ‘beast’ bike.  Yesterday he had let it lay where he dropped it on the driveway.  He barely managed to stop his car  in time.  He had loaded the stupid thing into the backseat as best he could.  He would go see Greta, get the bike shop guy’s tool and return them and the damn bike.  And maybe he would pop the arrogant ass in the mouth for good measure. “I will be back tomorrow,” he told Greta.  “I promise.  No more screw offs and pity parties.” Clint found the brush and rags not far from the entrance to the old section of the cemetery.  For some reason that pissed him off more than if he had not been able to find them.  They were clearly visible if you took a few steps down the path.  Which meant no one had been down here in a month.  Where the Hell was Maintenance?  Was some fill dirt and a headstone all that the outrageously expensive plot fee got a person? He paid a visit to the gravestone he had rescued and noted with some absurd sense of joy that it had not sunk again.  But seeing the other graves in the early morning light quickly depressed him.  They were in terrible shape; dirty, moss-covered, sinking, and so on. Clint had been holed up in his damn house for a month.  He was tired of forgetting things.  He was—to be honest—tired of hiding from the pain of his life. By lunch time Clint had cleaned the first row of gravestones beside the one he had rescued a month back.  It was grueling work, detailed and delicate because as he quickly realized stone lasted a long time, inscriptions were less hardy.  He ate his lunch leaning his back against Greta’s gravestone. And then he laid down on her plot and wept silently like he did every time it was time to head home.  Just a few feet of dirt and whatever distance it was to where people went when they died. Eventually he drug himself to his feet, fixed the grass where he had flattened it and said his goodbyes.  When he got to his car he opened the back door to toss in the brush and cleaning supplies only to realize the beast was packed in there taking up much of the space.  He could get the stuff in there but if anything fell he would have a Hell of a time digging it out around that damn bike. He stared at the bike and then some reason he reached into the car and wrestled it out onto the parking lot. “Maybe I should trade you to one of the maintenance guys for a promise of cleaning up the older section of the cemetery.” Instead Clint locked his car, pocketed the keys and got on the bike.  He was maybe 3 miles from his house. ———— Clint did not have a heart attack on the way home.  He did not get hit by any cars.  He did not stop 5 times to rest—only 4.  Clint did however discover that bike seats were extremely uncomfortable (were there such things as butt callouses?) and that bikes went really fast when you peddled as hard as you could. The latter discovery was an accident.  His tender ass had demanded he stand or do something that did not involve sitting.  So he had stood up slightly on the pedals and crouched forward over the handle bars trying to maintain his balance. He had peddled as hard as he could for some reason and he had gone fast…until he hit a speed bump and the bike seat had come crashing up into his nuts.  He had sort of stopped, sort of collapsed over into the grass for a few minutes.  So maybe technically he did stop 5 times. Still it had been fun going that fast; like the world was rushing all around him, like he was not even a part of it, and his problems were struggling to keep pace with him. His problems caught up with him at the house when he opened the fridge and realized he was practically out of food.  The store was at least 5 miles away and his tender tush was having nothing to do with that bike tonight, that was certain.  It was completely on strike, making him walk like a bow-legged duck for revenge. Clint made due with some buttered bread and the dregs in a bottle of crappy wine he had somehow failed to finish off during his month of “hibernation”.  He would cycle back to the cemetery tomorrow and grab his car.  Then he would take the beast back to the bike shop and be done with the whole affair.
