
---
title: 7. Old Men’s War: The Biker (3)
date: 2021-12-09
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Clint paused and looked around the makeshift barracks.  Everyone was watching him and he had gotten lost in telling the story.  For a time no one had been there around him, just him, talking to Greta like he used to when the nights were long and there was nothing to do but watch the dead. Normally, no one paid much attention to him but with all the eyes fixated on his he  was nervous.  To cover it Clint sat grabbed a canteen and drank a few sips of water.  He knew they would want the rest of the story. “And….?” Johnny Hollywood said as if on cue. “Who came to you?” the captain asked.  “Eventually.” “Nobody,” Clint said. “Your kids,” Hollywood said.  “They came to the house or your wife’s grave?” Clint shook his head.  “I don’t have any children.” That hung uncomfortably in the room.  Guys looked at each other.  There were special cases like Johnny Hollywood but extremely rare.  And Johnny did have kids.  Or at least he usually said he did when he was asked.  And no one at Command ever contradicted that.  Of course, why would they? The Captain leaned back against the post he had been leaning on.  He gestured for one of the guys to secure the door and shut off the lights.  Someone produced a small lantern and handed it to Clint.  The Captain clearly wanted no interruptions for Lights Out and he was sending a clear message to Clint that the story had to be finished. Clint turned on the lamp.  He looked at the captain who just lounged with his arms crossed like he did not have a care in the world.  But his eyes were hard the way they got sometimes before a mission. He just realized he never got my story out of me , Clint thought.  The captain did not believe in heading into a mission with guys he did not know or trust.  Yet he had accidentally missed that Clint did not have a backstory that anyone in the company knew.  Clint knew the captain was silently kicking himself. You have a lo t on your mind , Cap, Clint thought. It’s understandable . Clint took a deep breath.  His was really a stupid story; pointless to tell.  But these were his brothers now.  And family kept each other’s secrets but not secrets from each other.  This might change everything between him and the others though—his story. ——- It took Clint a week of grueling, delicate, detail-oriented work to get the old gravestones cleaned up.  And for some reason after the fourth one he had started taking etchings of them.  Then etchings and pictures.  Lately, Clint had no idea why he did some things—like keep ‘the beast’ and ride it everyday to the cemetery or clean these old gravestones; but he did them all the same. Two more weeks passed before one day he walked up the path to the old section of the cemetery and realized he had cleaned and restored ever gravestone there.  He looked around at all the them and realized he had no idea how many that was; too many to count easily.  He looked down at his hands and realized they were no longer manicured.  Now the were rough and dirty and cut or scrapped up in some places.  His father had said once long ago that a woman wore her life in her eyes and a man wore his on his hands. Greta’s gravestone was as always meticulously clean.  Even after backbreaking days of cleaning gravestones he finished the day checking hers for signs of wear-and-tear or dirt.  He always took his lunch with her but never cleaned hers up then; that he saved for the end of the day.  He would tell her about his work in the old section, sort of like he did when he had still had a paying job.  And she was alive. “That Kingston gravestone was a royal pain in the ass,” he told her.  She would have groaned at that pun.  A thought hit him then.  Had he ever really asked her about her day.  How could he not have known about the cycling club she had joined.  Or the cycling charity.  And had she done that out of some desire to do something for kids since they did not have any? Clint tried to think back through their daily interactions.   He thought he remembered asking her things.  That he could not remember clearly bothered him.  People did say sometimes he sucked the air out of the room when he entered it.  Given his job he had always taken that as a good thing until now… “Is there anything you want to tell me, baby?” Clint said to Greta’s gravestone.  As soon as it came out of his mouth the ludicrousness of it made him close his eyes. Did I even know you at the end there? “Did I even know you at the end there, baby?”  And when had ‘the end’ started?  This year?  Five years ago?  Ten? Was Greta not talking or was I not listening? Clint’s eyes fell on his bike helmet.  He remembered the rush of speed he felt that first day pedaling home from the cemetery.  That thrill of the world streaming past him while he threw everything he had into a singular, perpetual motion.  Was Greta trying to escape him?  The life they had built? Clint mused on that for a while.  Then for the first time in weeks he went to his car, still parked in the cemetery’s parking lot and loaded the Beast into it.  His windshield was covered in fallen leaves from where he had left it parked under a tree.  He quickly cleared them with his arm, not even noticing  that 6 months ago he would have sat in the driver’s seat trying to clear them with the wipers rather than risk dirtying his expensive clothes. But he had a few stops to make first. ———— The guy was just flipping the sign closed when Clint pulled into the space in front of the bike shop.  The guy saw him, hesitated then waved him in. “I did not expect to see you again,” the guy said.  He grabbed a long rod and used it to start lowering the steel rolling doors down over the front display windows. Clint handed the man the bristle brush.  The man took it and examined it.  “A little worse for the wear.  What have you been doing it it?” “Cleaning gravestones,” Clint replied.  He scanned the shelves and so did not notice the man’s face curdle in mild disgust. The man handed the brush back to Clint. “Keep it.”  He watched as Clint scanned the shelves.  “I take it you aren’t just here to return the brush.” Clint nodded.  “I need supplies for a bicycling trip.”  The man started to point at a row of bike racks that could be mounted on cars, but Clint shook his head. “No cars.  Just the bike.” The man paused at that then looked Clint up and down as if reassessing him.  “How long a trip?” Clint pointed to the book—Greta’s book—still sitting on the shelf where the man had placed it months ago.  “How long will it take to go everywhere Greta wanted to go in that book?” The man stared at Clint for a long moment then walked over to the front door and locked it.  “This is going to take a while,” he said.  “But,” he said, waiving a hand across the shelves, “it won’t be cheap.  I won’t sell you anything you don’t need but if you are serious there are some things you will defin—“ Clint pulled a large envelope and handed it to the man.  The man leaned forward and read the letterhead on the envelope.  “Am I being served?” Clint opened the envelope and took out some folded papers.  He laid them on the counter and smoothed them out.  “This is a trust created in Greta’s name specifically to support her Kids on Bikes thing.”  Clint pointed to a section of the papers.  “This names you as co-executor of the trust along with my lawyer.  And this is your annual salary for running the trust.” The man leaned forward to read the section.  His mouth dropped and he swore.  “Are you screwing with me?” Clint continued, pointing to another section.  “My house and car have been donated to the trust with the understanding that both will be used for the purposes of the charity.”  Clint peered down and read something.  “So the main house is now the charity’s headquarters but you can live one of the guest houses if you choose.” “One of…?” the man said slowly. “The trust also will allow you to turn one of the guest houses and the workshop into a storefront.  But you will need to work with Bill on re-zoning that part of the property.” The man was still staring dumbfounded.  “Bill?” Clint pointed to another section of the trust document.  “My lawyer.  He is co-executor with you or rather his law firm is.” The man walking awkwardly behind the counter and sat heavily on his stool.  He stared at the trust document like it was a snake.  “We knew Greta had money but—“ he looked up at Clint.  “Why are you doing all this?  Is this what she wanted? A Last will or something…why—you don’t even know me.  I could be a crook!” Clint pointed his lawyer’s name.  “If you defraud the trust Bill will bury you under the jail.” “Of course,” the man said.  “Why else have a lawyer as co-executive on a cycling charity trust?” “Co-executor,” Clint corrected. “Right,” the man said.  “I don’t even know—this is really crazy—are you…well, where are you going to be while all this is going on and I’m running your charity and this shop and I mean where are you going to stay—“ Clint pointed at Greta’s book on the shelf behind the man’s head.  “You tell me.” The man looked over his shoulder at the book and read the title on the spine.  “Ah.” He grabbed the book and flipped through it then he handed it to Clint.  “Okay, Mr. Money Bags—“ “You can just call me ‘Money Bags’,” Clint interrupted then smiled slightly.  “I know this is crazy.  All of this.”  He pointed at the trust document towards the end.  “And so is this.  It says someone from the charity had to go and clean up Greta’s gravestone.  Move the leaves and check for cracks.  I have a checklist and also directions in the addendum.” The man shrugged.  “That’s an easy one.  Everybody loved Greta.  There will be a line out the door of volunteers for that one.  Any other hidden gems in there.” Clint shook his head.  “Most of my money went in the trust.  So if you would take it easy on the price of cycling supplies and maybe help me find a second hand tent I would appreciate it.” The man laughed out loud.  He smacked his knee.  “Money Bags, I have got you covered there.  You are going to be my cycling masterpiece.  Light, fast yet able to handle any emergency or speed bump life throws at you.” ———- The man proved to be as good as his word.  Clint had never seen so many gadgets that could be compactly stored yet were clearly amazingly useful.  The man even called a few other store owners and cycling enthusiasts and had them come to bring various cycling gear. It quickly turned into a free-for-all and a party.  After the third argument between the cycling enthusiasts and store owners on the merits of tires for the beast Clint walked across the street to the convenience store to pick up a few cases of beer and sandwiches for the motley group. It took most of the night and at one point Clint fell asleep on the portable mattress inside the collapsible tent someone had brought for his new life.  By the time dawn came a bleary-eyed group led by the man unzipped the tent and peaked in. “It’s ready,” the man said in a slightly hushed voice.  The group stepped back to let Clint exit the tent.  Someone handed him a breakfast sandwich and a small bottle of orange juice. Clint followed the group into the back room.  His bike, ‘the beast’ was sitting in the middle of the floor.  It had saddle bags and what looked like new, slightly thicker tires.  At first, Clint thought those were the only changes until he realized the group had actually designed, welded and painted a sort of strength reinforcements for some of the bars of the bike.  If Clint had not been familiar with the bike he would have never even noticed it but they were thicker than he remembered. “Pick it up,” the man said and Clint did.  It was not much heavier than he was used to. “What are the things on the bars you made for?” he asked.  “Extra stability?” He looked up to see the group smiling as one.  “Those aren’t covers,” the bike shop owner said with a smirk.  “That is your whole freakin’ life rolled up in a series of hidden compartments.  The saddle bags will carry some stuff but that shit is—well, we’ll show you.” “Just him and the road,” one of the cyclists said with more than a little longing. “Free,” another said wistfully. “You are going to make Inspector Gadget look like a Class A amateur,” the man said.  “Watch this.”
