---
title: "8. Old Men’s War: The Biker (4)"
date: 2021-12-09
tags: ["Old Men's War", 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Clint looked around the barracks.  The guys were passing around the pictures he had of his beast.  One in “traveling form” and one in “camping form” with all the bells and whistles on display. Clint understood their expressions.  That bike was a work of art made by a group of people making their Magnum Opus.  Those pictures were reminders that there was such a thing as beauty in the world.  And art.  That people could love something so much and that love could be transferred somehow into it; enmeshed in a design and modification of the already amazing work of engineering and efficiency that the beast started as. What that group did to the beast made the word “custom” sound like gutter profanity.  Art was the closest thing. “Like the first day you found out you were a dad and before you had a chance to screw it all up,” Porno Dan said when he looked at the photos. Beaner just grunted and passed the photos on without even a glance.  Clint never had a read on that guy.  The grunt could mean he liked them or hated them or was just hungry.  Like everyone else Clint avoided Beaner.  Clint had never seen a shark up close but the dull grey eyes that watched him now made him feel like he was swimming with one. “Going to be lights out soon,” the captain said. Clint nodded and took a deep breath. “For a long time I just rode,” he said. ————— For a long time, Clint just rode. In the beginning, he followed Greta’s book.  She did not have a lot mapped out but he took every road and trail she had highlighted; stopped at every spot she had circled or written about in the margins in her careful neat handwriting. He spent hours at each stop, staring around, trying to determine what had fascinated her—or rather, he realized one day during breakfast as he was breaking camp—what would have fascinated her…or maybe would not have.  That was the problem with trying to walk forward in someone else’s footsteps or walk a path intended for two people by yourself: you couldn’t.  No path ever remained as intended.  At any point they might have just decided together to go off their previously intended path.  That is all a map really is—a list of possibilities that you have sketched out a goal and the best way to get to it on. Clint had gone back through the entire book that morning while he sipped his coffee.  He committed all of it to memory; every map, every handwritten note, every short blurb the author had written.  More than once as he flipped the pages he had grumbled, remembering some small inaccuracies on the map.  He wrote in his own notes and corrections. A young couple had been camping a few sites down from his.  He had only been there for the night; riding in right as the sun was setting.  The beast had done its little bag of tricks and belched out from its hidden compartments his tent and other supplies.  No one had been camped within earshot of them and within a few hours of sunset he understood why: they were either on some sort of honeymoon or doing research for a how-to book on every sexual position known to man—and triple checking their work. Clint had placed the book in a plastic bag and left it quietly outside the couple’s tent.  Inside, on the cover page, he had written: This book has a lot of good places for a couple to go together.  Thanks and Good Luck, Clint and Greta Then Clint went off-map. ——— “Let’s go back to the couple at the campsite for a second,” Slappy said, interrupting Clint.  “What, ah—“ “Gravestones,” Beaner said, in his soft whisper of a voice. Everyone in the barracks looked at Slappy then at Beaner.  Slappy looked for a few seconds like he might argue. “Gravestones,” Beaner said again, a little louder.  It sounded like a knife being scrapped over a whetstone.  Slappy shut his mouth and the captain motioned for Clint to continue. “That,” Clint said, “started a few weeks later.  I rode and rode and then one day I was sitting at this little cafe eating.  I saw a graveyard across the street.  I wandered over there, thinking about Greta’s grave and remembering the old ones near her’s that I had cleaned up.  This was an old graveyard, too, but not large like Greta’s place.  Looked more like a small family site.  Everything there was at least 150 to 200 years old.  All of them were in bad shape.  So I camped there a week or two and cleaned them up, memorized them for later and rode on.” “Next place I stopped had something like that near there, too, so I did the same thing.  And just kept going from there.”  Clint reached under his cot and pulled out his rucksack.  He opened it and slid a small bound notebook out.  He handed it to Triple Dub, the company’s mechanic.  He was a short man but thickly built which somehow made him look taller.  He was the company’s unofficial Mother Hen; watching over everyone else’s mental health—or what was left of it. Dub opened it and whistled.  He flipped through a few pages then turned it around and showed one of the pages to the others.  It was charcoal drawing of a gravestone, expertly rendered.  Something had been done to the page to make it waterproof. Triple Dub handed it on to the next guy.  “How many graves did you draw, brother?” Clint opened the rucksack and dumped it on his cot.  Nine other notebooks slid out. “This is front and back of the page,” Headroom said.  He showed the room, flipping a pages so everyone could see.  Clint nodded and handed the rest of the notebooks out to a few guys who began flipping through them. “I would ride from town to town or sometimes just see stones in the distance off the road and go over and camp by them.” “No one ever stopped you?” The captain asked. Clint shrugged.  “I got some strange looks from time to time, but no one ever bothered me.  I just kept riding and stopping and cleaning them up.” “So,” Flenderson said, “you’re not here for kid and you’re not in a TV show like Hollywood.  You’re running from a bunch of angry, one-nightstand widows?” Flenderson was a big man and one of the company’s small arms experts.  He was as always bristling with weapons, even here in the barracks. Clint chuckled.  “No widows, though there were a few stops where it took me a little longer to get that job done because I got wrapped up in…other things.” A couple guys laughed. “But none of them were as good as…” Clint gestured to the barracks. “Slappy’s mother,” everyone said in unison. “Screw you, guys,” Slappy said automatically without looking up from the notebook he was flipping through.  It was an old inside joke that even he had forgotten the origins of. “So,” the captain said, smiling.  “Slappy is denying you’re a Gerry for him.”  Then his smile dropped.  “Why are you really here?” Car accident - takes fathers place
