
---
title: 9. Old Men’s War: The Biker (5)
date: 2021-12-24
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Clint tapped his wire-bristle brush against the base of the gravestone.  It was not the one from the bike store; that one had worn out a long time back.  This one was wearing thin to Clint noticed.  Most of his supplies were.  He would have to pick up more in the next town he stopped in.  He was camped beside a small family graveyard, long since forgotten.  There was nothing around for miles. A loud screech followed by a crash made Clint jerk around.  A car’s horn was blaring.  Clint looked down the hill, near the road he could see a car flipped on its side.  He hesitated for a moment, staring in horror, then took off running in the direction of the sound. It was a steep incline but Clint traversed it easily, barely noticing the slippery grade.  As he got closer he could see that the car had slid to a stop in the ditch, tearing up a swath of dirt behind it all the way to the road. Clint circled around to the front of the car so he could see into the windshield.  A man was hanging to the side, secured by his seatbelt.  His forehead was covered in blood where he had apparently smashed it into the steering wheel or maybe hit it some other way. The man was clawing at his seatbelt.  Clint considered climbing up onto the side of the car to get to the man but realized his weight might topple the car.  Then the man would be upside down and Clint would probably end up under it. He put his hands on the roof and braced his feet on the side of the ditch.   Clint pushed with all of his might.  Countless hours of cycling had given him strength in his legs, but still it was difficult.  Before—in his flabby middle aged life—he would have never been able to shift the car even slightly.  Now, as he heaved and pushed the car began to shift.  Clint flipped over and put his back against the roof and pushed off with his legs. The car shifted slowly towards its tipping point then fell heavily onto its wheels.  Clint fell to the ground and rolled away instinctively but the car had settled back on its wheels with a heavy thud.  Clint stood and rushed around to the driver side door.  He pulled it open and knelt down to release the man’s seatbelt.  The man’s head lolled forward and for a second Clint thought he might already be dead but then the man turned his head slightly so that he could see Clint.  His hand came up shakily and pointed at his throat. Clint looked closer and noticed the blood slowly seeping out of a wound.  Clint cursed. “Hold on!” Clint said.  He took off his shirt and pressed it against the man’s neck.  As he did he noticed the enormous amount of blood already staining the man’s shirt and trousers.  The wound in the man’s neck was not a slow wound there just apparently was not much blood left to come out of the man. The man pointed again at his wound. “It’s bad,” Clint said.  The man nodded and pointed again.  Clint looked and saw partially stained by blood was a small folded piece of paper poking out of the man’s shirt pocket.  Clint took it carefully, trying to keep pressure on the wound at the same time.  He shook the page out until it unfolded enough for him to read it. “I need my—“ Clint started to say then noticed the symbol at the top of the page.  Clint had been out of the world for a while but he recognized the symbol.  He looked at the man’s wound again. “Well…” Clint said slowly then cursed softly.  The man tried to mouth something.  Clint leaned in close and the man whispered again.  Clint leaned back and stared at the man.  The man tried to reach towards Clint but his movements were sluggish and clumsy.  Clint took the man’s hand delicately and shook it once. “Okay,” he said.  “Yes.” ——— The barracks was quiet, most of the Gerries watching Clint, some staring off into the distance.  The captain was pacing slowly.  He paused in front of Clint. “On the piece of paper?” The captain asked though Clint and every man in the room knew the answer already. “His Gerrie papers,” Clint said.  “Three boys.” The captain nodded. “So you’re real name is not even Bill Clay, is it?” Frisco said. Clint smiled wanly and shook his head. “When we’re you going to tell us all this?” Dan asked, irritated.  “We are pretty much your brothers now, aren’t we?  And it sounds like we’re actually the only version of family you’ve got!” “Why do you edit your kid’s letters and send them back, PD?” Clint asked “I don’t edit his—they’re not letters, they’re…” Dan trailed off.  “He least he’s really my kid.  You don’t even write…” Dan sat back on his bunk suddenly as the realization hit him.  “Because they would recognize that your hand writing is not their dad’s.” The captain stared pacing again then he stopped and turned to the Clint.  “So how did you get here?  I mean pass the genetics tests?” Clint shrugged.  “I had enough of the guy’s blood and I cut off some hair with some medical scissors I had.  I cleaned out the car and then burned it.  And I was already at a graveyard no one visited so I dug up the fourth oldest one I could find and buried him on top of what was left of the coffin.” “Was there a skeleton down there?” Frisco asked.  “In the coffin?” “I assume so,” Clint said.  He leaned back on his bunk. “Doesn’t add up,” Beaner rasped from across the room.  He was standing by the door, looking out. The captain nodded.  “I agree.  Even if you had his blood and hair there is no way you could make it past all the tests and interviews.” Clint closed his eyes.  “It took me two days to ride to the town.  Two days straight, no stops.  I walked him handed them the paper and the guy’s hair sample and introduced myself under his name.  It was that simple.” ——— Clint pulled up outside of the Recruiting station two days later.  He was dirty with road dust and dirt from the grave he had dug up to bury the man.  He was still wearing the now dried, blood-soaked shirt he had used to try to staunch the flow of the guy’s blood.  The on-duty sergeant looked him up and down after scanning Clint’s Gerrie recruiting letter. “I hit a deer,” Clint said, answering the questioning look. The sergeant looked past Clint at the Beast, chained to a sign in the parking lot.  “On that,” he said. “Yes,” Clint said simply. “On a bicycle?” the man said incredulously.  “You hit a deer on a bicycle and it did this,” he gestured at Clint’s clothes and dirty-covered arms, “to you?” Clint nodded. The sergeant nodded.  “Okay.  You have any other form of ID?”  Clint handed him the dead man’s ID. The sergeant looked back and forth between Clint and the picture on the ID.  “You know that it’s a felo—“ “Can I make a call on your phone?” Clint asked, cutting him off. The sergeant nodded.  Clint picked up the phone and dialed.  After a moment, he said, “Dale?  Hi, this is Clint.  I need you to make a call for me.” It took about an hour but eventually the sergeant’s phone rang as Clint knew it would.  The sergeant answered it. “This is—uh, yes, sir, yes, uh, yes.”  The sergeant looked over at Clint.  “He is right here across the desk from me.”  The sergeant listened.  “Sir, would be a bit unortho…um, yes, sir, I understand but—“ He held the phone out and looked at it. “He just hung up,” the sergeant said to Clint. “Power politics,” Clint said.  “Tell them what you want without explicitly stating it.  Make sure they understand the directive.  Hang up before they have a chance to second guess or argue.  Did he call you by your first name or some derivative of it?  A short or slang form of your name?” The sergeant looked slightly shaken.  “No, why?” “No reason,” Clint said.  “Call it professional curiosity.” The sergeant put the hair samples in small tube and sealed it.  He took a label off of a form and applied it to the side.  He spoke as he worked.  “I have processed three Gerries since I got posted here.  Four now with you.  To a man you have been bat-shit crazy.” He dropped the ID Clint had taken off the dead man into a shredder by his desk and watched as it was turned into small pieces.  Then he turned the form towards Clint.  “Sign at the bottom,” he said then looked down at the form.  “Actually…”. He scribbled something illegible on the line and then stuck his finger in a cup of cold coffee sitting on the desk beside him.  He rubbed his finger over where he had just scribbled.  He looked at the page, nodded then stood up. He held out a hand to Clint.  “Welcome to the Gerries, Bill Clay.”  Clint shook his hand. “Mister,” the sergeant said, “Someone must really want you dead.” Clint shrugged.  “I know where all the bodies are buried.” Then the irony of the statement hit him and he laughed out loud.  “Well, not all but quiet a few,” he said, smiling. The sergeant smiled uncomfortably.  “To a man,” he said softly.
