
---
title: A Bright and Cloudy Night
date: 2019-08-14
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Michael, a tall and languid looking fellow marched down the street. Matches trickled behind him as his fingers bumbled over and through a large box of matches. Tin music meant to entertain sleepless seniors poured from poorly disguised speakers along the shops on the main street. Thumb and forefinger gripped a set of matches, some facing one way and the rest another. Andy Williams cooed irresponsible as the thump and grind of matches came alight. Michael looked at the burning matches preparing to bring it to his pipe. Wispy clouds ran across the dark blue sky, turning silver briefly as their backs crossed the moon. Michael too was running, from this moment to the next and he for a brief moment had crossed some light that brought it to his mind. Thinking on this he forgot about the lit pieces of wood in his hand and wasn’t brought to awareness but for a tickling of heat. The tiny spark plopped to the brick street bellow and extinguished with it some of the moonlight vanished as a fat dark cloud lumbered across the sky. Thoughts of breathing, buying air, holding the rented breath as long as he could stand it, then releasing it, altered and contorted.

The thick air laden with water and holding close was peeled back by a cool breeze that felt empty. Lightning flashed high above. The dark red road turned black in one spot then another as plump droplets smattered. This moment of thinking and running from the un-thought of cascade of one thing to another was interrupted, and some emotion in this case self preservation and fear of being burned to a crisp by a bolt of lightning drove Michael to disconnect from the pull of unsettling ideas and into the feeling of danger which was much closer. He tucked his pipe into his pocket and started jogging down the long road towards shelter. Wind turned up sleepy tree branches whipping up the leaves and revealing lighter green bellies reflecting the street lights. A loud clap of thunder released a falling wave of water, first several feet behind Michael, then right on his heels, then covering him over.

Another flash and the street lights died out. Michael stopped his heart rushing in his ears and clothes dripping he looked around to orient himself. The wind rushing, water falling made the street feel different. Michael squinted and peered towards where he knew he should go, he saw moon shaped circle and upon lifting his hand to his forehead and blocking the deluge for a moment determined it to be the clock tower. He walked towards it no longer running due to the obscured ground sunken beneath a layer of water. The circle gradually grew larger, Michael walked with small steps feeling the warm street underneath the cool water. A solid thump told Michael he had reached the edge of the stairs leading to the quad. He was close to his dorm, to getting out of the storm. He felt for the hand rail and hopped up the stairs, the clock face peeking from between the swaying branches of large pin oaks. Over the roar of water striking the ground Michael heard bells chiming from the tower. He stared at the clock face absorbed by the pounding rain on his body and clothes, the sound of his heart in his ears, the other-worldly chime of old church bells. The moment stretched, in all motion he still felt.
