---
title: A friend?
date: 2019-09-11
tags: ['The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

“How are you?” Dalton asked not looking up from his book.
“I am alright” Michael responded in drained exhale. Dalton, eyes fixed on the page reached his hand and slid open a drawer retrieving a blue business card and fit it neatly between the pages and closed the book. “Have a seat if you like?” Dalton gestured towards the sofa. Michael leaned into the cushions and lifted his feet up onto the pillows then faced his friend. “Ok, how are you?” Michael asked. “Me? I am fine, a little confused about this philosophy paper, but other than that I am doing very well. How about yourself?” Dalton asked.
Michael nodded and waited for his turn to talk, but when the time came he started one sentence then another not knowing what he wanted them to say. “Let me start over, I have a question but really it’s just something I want to, or need to talk about, and just get it out so I can think about it.” Michael waved his hands and pulled in some imaginary rope as if to draw the words in. “Ok, I am listening, lets get it figured out.” Dalton said. “Who do we become friends with? Why do we pick some people to get close to and not others? There is more to it than that, but that’s a lot of it. I don’t know why but it has been really really bothering me.” Michael looked at his friend and shrugged. “I look at people in the grocery store or just walking by and I imagine what they might be like as friends. It is really kind of a selfish thing too, because part of the thing that has been bugging me is how many people am I missing out on who I would really like. I am not gonna go start talking to everybody and make them my friends, I am not suddenly struck by the need to make everyone my friend. It is just that, I am more aware of how much I am missing by not getting to know strangers walking by. I think that maybe I am just chemically off a bit, maybe I need more sleep?” Michael possited.
Dalton pressed his index and middle fingers together. “Well, I don’t think you could go wrong by getting more sleep.” He paused and straightened a pencil on his desk. “But I don’t think it is a bad thing to think about relationships, why you have the ones you do and not others. My dad says, life is all about relationships. I think he is right, and I see that as I get older. But I don’t think you are so uncomfortable with all of your relationships, I think people choose based on proximity and common interest primarily. I think in a lot of ways we are simple in who we pick. I also think we can’t control who we have which is both an unfortunate thought and a comforting one. We have little control concerning who is around.” Dalton leaned forward in his desk chair “But we do have control over the type of friend we are. I think focusing on little ways you can improve the relationships, the ones you actually are lucky enough to have is a good place to start.” Dalton leaned back. Michael pulled air through his nose. “That is a very good answer to a lot of questions. But it is not one I like. I don’t think I asked my question right.” Michael thought. “Thanks buddy, this is why we come to you with this stuff.” Michael said standing up to leave. “Well I am studying it” Dalton beamed sitting up taller and reaching for his book. “Want me to close the door?” Michael asked. “Yes, thank you” Dalton said retrieving the business card from its snug position between pages.
