---
title: 'A good time and an unpleasant meal'
date: 2019-03-25
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Ellory stood on a stool while stirring a pot over the stove. Her mother never let her turn the stove on but ellory still liked cook the way here mother does. The red apron she wore came down to her shins. The backside of her dress was jumbled in the haphazard knot of the aprons belt. In he pot was a box worth of macaroni and cheese with the cheese powder floating on top of the murky water. She turned around and gave a toothy smile. Would you like some pasta de for Mage? She asked. He lied and said please. Hold on a sec she said as she jumped down from her stool and cleared off some mail and water based paint bottles. Sit she said shortly. He sat down and Ellory hopped back over to the counter and grabbed a grubby plastic bowl. It had recently had macaroni in it and a few noodles still stuck to the bottom of the bowl. A few seconds under the water and a blow to dry. Would you like a lot ? She asked. Again he said please. Maybe he would like it, he felt lots of things differently when he was younger. Maybe his taste used to center around uncooked noodles and cheesy water. Ellory scooped the pot up between her stomach and forearm and lent forward to poor a helping of her homemade meal. The pot tipped precariously and orange water sloshed over her fingers into the bowl. Here she said and set the bowl down hard, so much so some fell out on to the counter. Thank you he said and took up his spoon and filled it with the concoction. It tasted like water that had been used to clean the surface of a used pan. It was room temperature and had a decidedly metallic after taste. To his surprise ellory turned away from watching him eat to go back to her cooking. The edge of the bowl bent as he picked it up and lowered it down to Petes level. Here doggy he muttered. Pete looked up at him with a smug look. He knew better than to eat anything offered by Michael or anyone while ellory was around. He raised his white eyebrows and looked over towards the stove as Ellory sighed and started to turn round. Michael pulled the bowl back up from underneath the table knocking about and spilling bits as he went. He pulled back his lips and shown his teeth towards Ellory in the most disingenuous smile he had ever accidentally made. She marched over to the table and stood across from Michael. I like to watch my dinners being enjoyed she said. Something she heard from her mother. She leaned forward as she rested her face on her hands and planted her elbows on the table. Her brown hair was pressed tight on her scalp and he nose looked flushed as her cheeks rose higher being pushed by the weight of her head on her hands. Go on! Big spoonfuls are best. He tried to appear excited. His lower teeth peered through as he fought natural in in inclination. Yum he said after a big swallow of orange pasta water. He had almost reached the bottom when she said; boy all that eating has made me hungry. It is your turn to fix me something. He hadn't known they were taking turns. She popped up and grabbed the left over Mac from the stove and poured it into the sink. No good she said, you got the best part, what are you gonna make me?
