---
title: "A Thursday"
date: 2019-11-06
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Michael rubbed his eyes and looked up at the ceiling. He had already begun to rehearse the day in his head. First feet on the floor and navigate the path to the bathroom. Second, take a leak. Third grab jeans and his red- no green shirt. Fourth borrow some of Wood's mechanical pencils with erasers from his desk drawer. Fifth head to the cafeteria. Michael arose and began sleepily walking through these steps. Wood only had one mechanical pencil so Michael decided to stick with his chewed pen. The hall was busy, people coming back from early morning classes and people striding quickly to their next appointments.

Look down and forward, less likely people will stop you with a salutation or worse a question, Michael thought. This was a energetically viable way to process and navigate relationships, Michael rationalized. This was something he had been pondering and was working to encapsulate succinctly so that he could communicate some relationships advise to Ellory. She was really having a tough go of it in seventh grade and she seems to be working really hard to make everyone around her happy. The sum of the advise so far was a meager "Don't worry about people focus on what makes you happy." It lacked precision and generally felt like it was baked but it was a good start. Part of Micheal's hesitance to give this advise is that what Ellory liked at that time was theatre, and really she just liked having people to hang out with. Michael opened the door and descended the steps of the old brick building. It was beautiful day and Michael considered marking with some staining sensory experience, he grabbed the handrail warm from the morning sun and pulled air in through his nose.

"Screw anyone who gets in the way of you happiness!" Michael murmured to himself. Ahh, it didn't feel right. Mccalister probably has an excellent quote for this but I don't want someone elses words. Authors can piece together sticky notions that feel like textured thoughts, but what if she knew the origin of the advice? Michael knew Ellory would say "That's from so and so, I already know what they said." In doing so she would deflate the advise. I really want to give good advise, the idea rolled around Michael brain like a bowling ball. With the right combination of words I can make her happy.

Large oak trees held clumps of spanish moss appearing both artificially picturesque and wildly pristine overhead as Michael walked past the old chapel towards the cafeteria. Michael imagined a world were he said some combination of things that made Ellory smile and made her see the bright side of things. She tried out for lead roles, she didn't stay home from prom and she walked standing up tall. He smiled thinking about her dancing on the gymnasium floor for prom. If only I could tell her to wish someone else a great life and really picture it, that could work, Michael thought. No I think I like "Don't worry about people focus on what makes you happy." I think she may take to that one best.
