---
title: A walk down memory lane
date: 2019-09-25
tags: ['Cole', 'Elsewhere', 'Coley Angel']
---

Jonathan kept glancing over his shoulder to see how Arthur was navigating the rocky pathway. The sound of the burbling water could be heard in between the crunching rocky footsteps. This is nice, I can see why Dr. Jonathan likes to have sessions out here. Bit of outward solace just may make me feel like I’m not being squeezed and twisted Arthur thought. Jonathan paused and wiped the sweat from his forehead with his sleeve. Arthur looked up to see a  small creature scurry across the path. The rocky path was lined by trees with roots that crossed the path and sat just high enough to trip the casual hikers. Watch your step here Jonathan said traversing some oddly shaped boulders. Arthur peered into the doctors memory to help him traverse the boulder. I know I shouldn’t, but I don’t want to twist an ankle. Arthur saw hundreds of trips down the path, first three trips the doctor wore dark brown dress shoes and not his sneakers. Arthur felt soft shimmers pass down his body as he passed over a memory of a twisted ankle. Curiously he followed the events after the doctor fell, shades of embarrassment and pain colored the memory of the walk up the hill, one arm over a large woman who had tear streaked makeup. Arthur inhaled as his foot missed the Stoney step, he had gone too deep to remember he was still walking. Jonathan turned around as Arthur grabbed a tree branch  burning his palm as he slid. Are you ok the Dr marched over. Yeah, just in my head, not looking where I was going. Well that’s one nice thing about this little path, you got to be out of your head for a bit to navigate it. The doctor smiled and extended his hand to Arthur pulling him to his feet. A quick peak revealed similar memories of patients falling and the exact phrase about being out of your head for a bit. Stop Arthur thought to himself, that is twice, you told yourself you were done. Almost there, Jonathan said pointing to a large boulder extending into the meandering river. Why do you like to talk out her Jonathan? Jonathan insisted on being called Jonathan and not Doctor. Well it is a good place with great views and it is free from all sorts of stressors, private and a good excuse to get my steps in. The doctor stepped down onto the large flat rock and turned to extend a hand to Arthur. This is too romantic, I wonder if the good doctor has done more than counsel on this spot, maybe a quick check? No, stop, no more digging.  Arthur hopped down with the doctors help. The river was shallow and Arthur liked that. You know this is when I tell my patients who suffer from anxiety and guilt how I got my start in counseling. The doctors gaze met Arthur’s, his shoulders set back and chin thoughtfully elevated. I killed someone. The water leaping and crashing over and onto rocks filled the silence for several moments. I didn't mean to kill, but I did. And it is something that has profoundly shaped me Arthur. I am not happy it happened, but I am glad I get to help others with their guilt. What happened Arthur asked. It was a car accident, I was 16. Later than I should have been out. A small girl was unbuckled in the backseat of her mother's car. They were pulling out of a driveway on a blind curve. I was driving fast, I swerved to avoid the car and ended up off the road in a ditch. My cousin wasn’t wearing a seat belt either and he went through the windshield. The woman thanked me for swerving, told me her daughter was in the backseat unbuckled as the ambulance took my unresponsive cousin to the hospital. Jonathan didn’t look like he was telling a story he had told many times before. His eyes were damp and his voice shook. Arthur knew he was going to look, he relented and stared at the scene. It felt like rubbing his finger over a sharp blade. It hurt bringing up and putting it away. Arthur’s ears flushed and his heartbeat thumped in his ear. The doctor didn’t mention the smell of radiator fluid boiling on the engine or the taste of metallic blood. His cousin didn’t lay still either he twitched his left leg, almost like he was trying to run. The crushing reality dawned slowly as the hope that is was a bad dream faded and pain bloomed. His cousin, Erin had red curly hair and the paramedics tried brushing out the leafy debris without upsetting his crushed skull. A paramedic looked down at Erin on the stretcher and shook his head then looked up towards Jonathan and purses his lips in frustrated disapproval. That was the most clear and full bodied section. It was like the moment falling on your back having all the air knocked out of you and waiting for the next breath as the seconds dragged on. Arthur thought about taking that memory for Jonathan, but before he did Jonathan said. I know it is different than your guilt, and it is terrible, but it made me who I am today. I am glad I get to help people. Arthur’s eyes were damp and his expression was distant Jonathan put his hand on Arthur’s shoulder as a sign of shared sadness not realizing how truly shared the pain was.
