---
title: "After School Murder Club - 1"
date: 2019-01-06
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

Rodney shuffled into Mrs. Hamilton's room holding his backpack in one hand and rifling through the mess of papers with the others. She looked up from her mad magazine and shuddered a bit at the site of the consortium of crinkled papers in the worn back pack. "Ya got a method for organizing that trash pile?" Mrs. Hamilton asked shortly. "Sure I do, I know where everything is, I got English in the front and then theirs the social studies in the back, separated, neatly by the shop class binder. P.E. Doesn't have anything much, I don't do math and me the biology teacher, are cool so I just do his work after class or in club." Rodney gestured to the sections as he explained. "You don't do math?" Hamilton said incredulously. "Nah I got people for that." Rodney nodded smugly while admitting to blatant plagiarism. Hamilton thought for a few seconds and worked out who was doing Rodney math for him and made a mental note to discuss it with Mrs. Creswell later. "Alright what do I need from you?" Hamilton asked shortly after taking a drink of pepsi like a shot of whiskey for courage. "3.2 questions and here's my midterm paper" He said unballing a two sheets of paper from separate jacket pockets and pulling a torn half piece of paper from his pack. After another shot of pepsi, Hamilton inhaled and extended here hand to accept the papers. Both where late and neither should have been given any credit but for Rodney just sauntering into any classroom after school and producing anything was an improvement. "Thanks Mrs. H, I am told ya I am gonna try this year, I am doing good now, I am passing Biology!" Rodney winked and straightened his leather jacket collar feeling how he might imagine a firefighter feels after saving a cat or performing cpr. "Ok, thank you Rodney, you keep doing good." Mrs. Hamilton said in a rehearsed and inconsequential tone. After grabbing a peppermint from the "good turn" jar on Mrs. H desk Rodney turned and glided out the door leaving some seven or eight pages from his bag on the desk.

"Alright we can start now I am all good on school work for the day" Rodney announced proudly tossing his bag into the corner. "Nice, lets get started, we set up the board." Mr. S said extending his hand for fist bump. "Ok, I am putting the cards in the folder and we rolled for first go I got a 3 and Mr. S got a 1." Daniel said not looking up from finishing a math problem on a sheet with Rodney's name on it. "Ya know what I am so grateful for this" Rodney tugged on the paper pulling out from under Daniel's palm "That I say you go first." Daniel smiled at Rodneys uncharacteristic gratitude and rolled the dice as Rodney tucked the paper into his coat pocket. "Alright Professor plum kick us off" Mr. S otherwise known as Mr. Green on Tuesday Thursday afternoons, said starting the game. After the first round Mr. S/Mr. Green read the guys an excerpt from an article about a murder in Kansas City. The goal was to identify the killer from a list of suspects listed in the article or made up by Mr. Green. The choices were the step dad, the Boyfriend, the gardener, the teacher or the drug dealer.

The boys contemplated the morbid multiple choice, Rodney/Colonel Mustard guessed first. "Gotta be the teacher, they are always getting away with stuff, they could kill like six kids before someone gets suspicious." Mr. Green laughed at Rodney's clear prejudice against teachers. "Are all teachers killers?" Mr. Green Asked. Colonel responded quickly "Teachers are killers of fun so it wouldn't surprise me if one of em decided to kill more than just fun and happiness. No offense Mr. S your alright, your class is cool, I like biology, we talk about real things like sex and death." Rodney leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms satisfied with his own ideas and conclusions. "Ok, You said she was found in the garden, so I gotta think Gardner is a made up answer. You don't bury someone where you work unless you work in like a volcano. I think it's gotta be the boyfriend, it's always the boyfriend. Something about dating makes people go all neanderthal and forget their frontal lobes." Daniel/the professor said indignantly, seemingly disgusted by the irrationality of infatuated persons. "No offense Dan, but if you had ever dated you would know why people kill." The professor would have been offended by Mustard's comments but they sounded like Rodney's version of sincerity. "Alright, final answers? Drum roll please." Said Mr. Green holding the folded piece of paper with the name of the killer. The boys drummed on the table jostling the game pieces on the board. "It was.... Don Lewis King, the step father." Mr. Green said thrilled with the revelation. " I knew it!" Colonel said. "Yeah right, remember what we call that? Hindsight bias. Murders seem easy to solve when you read about it in the paper. Alright Professor your roll or you can take the tunnel to the kitchen" Mr. Green said after rolling his eyes at the post discovery pomp of Colonel Mustard. "Ya know, I am glad we don't have to solve any mystery the front way around." The professor said tossing the dice across the board. "We don't seem very good at it." The three laughed and carried on playing. The next day Daniel asked Rodney if he jinxed them by saying he was glad they didn't have a real mystery to solve. "Probably, Dan, Probably." Rodney said holding the missing poster.

[av_button label='Next' link='post,406' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-a3sre' admin_preview_bg='']
