---
title: 'After School Murder Club - 2'
date: 2019-01-06
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

Sarah Jane Williams was a model student, talented athlete and cheerleader. She was blonde and thin with kind features and a persistent smile. She had all the looks of a person who might be shallow and self obsessed but she was neither. She tutored in Social Studies and Math and always remembered everyone's name. She was nominated for homecoming queen but didn't want to take the title from someone else who might enjoy being homecoming queen. She held the door open for people and listened intently when people spoke to her. She once found a mouse stuck in sticky trap and freed it, took it home and made a splint for it's leg. Carl Johnson's truck broke down and she helped him change the tire. Last weeks the biggest news about Sarah was that she forgot to hold the door open for someone, which was the worst thing anybody in the school had to say about her ever. It seems sadly fated that someone so good would be murdered. Almost like she was too good for the world she was in.

Arguably the worst thing about Sarah was Michelle, Sarah's BFF. Who was in appearance similar to Sarah, but in all ways Sarah was nice and good Michelle was not. It would be like biting into one of two identical Oreo's to discover that one is filled with creme and the other toothpaste. Michelle would often say she felt as good as so and so looked. Good day's were people she thought were good looking, the best was a Jane Fonda day. She had only ever had six of them, one in which she kissed Freddie B. after football practice. Bad day's were ugly kids, mostly from school. The worst days were Beth Crocker, Johny Eats A Lot who's real last name was Kapoidlensky, and Theodore Stevens. She was prone to have more bad days than good and she made a habit of informing multiple people of the type of day she was having. One time in Gym Mr. Ryan asked how she was doing and she just pointed to Beth in front of the whole class. Mr. Ryan had to walk out of the room because he was laughing so hard. It was good Beth was deaf, there is a chance she didn't know exactly why the kids were laughing at her.

The fact that Sarah disappeared while Michelle stubbornly persisted was a cruel joke to anyone who knew the both of them. Rodney did not like Michelle as she had once said she was having a "Rodney day" when she got back two F's the same day. Daniel thought she was the prettiest girl ever and once wrote her a note but didn't give it to her because he was thought she may make fun of him and he admitted he couldn't even imagine a kind reply. To Rodney, liking Michelle made no sense, because she had a infinitely nicer near identical counterpart in Sarah Jane. Rodney once said Michelle is to Sarah as a square cow patty is to a brownie. It was weird for the both of them to see Michelle sitting in Mr. S's room and even more strange when she said "Please help, I don't know who else to turn to" through tears clutching a missing poster.
