---
title: 'An old place'
date: 2019-01-26
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Coley Angel']
---

A fine mist hovered over the damp sidewalk as Danial jogged up behind Rodney on his way to school. Rodney was listening to a tape he had lifted from the convenience store by the gas station when he was tapped on the shoulder by his winded albeit exhilarated friend. "Hey *hhhh* Rodney, I am gonna *hhhh* tell Michelle that I wanna go to the dance with her?" Dan said voice shaking from excitement. "You know what I am gonna say, ask Sarah instead, and before you go on telling me how you think Michelle is, well not what she plainly is, I just want to say that I think it's good you want to ask her." Rodney said patting Dan on the back a bit too hard. "Ouch, ya think it's a good idea?" A moment passed as Rodney nodded as if conferring with himself. "Ya, I mean I think the wording sucks, you are going to tell her you want to go to the dance with her? That's not even asking her dude. But it's all the same, I think it's a good idea because she will likely make a public snide comment rejecting you and calling you Janitor or a Bulimic motivator" Rodney said flatly as Dan looked on considering the possibility of this all playing out as Rodney said it would. "She wouldn't do that" Rodney cut Dan off. "She most certainly would do that, and has called you a Janitor before, that time you stayed behind to help Mr. S stack Chairs, she practically yelled it. The one class you talk to her in she cheats off your homework and then moves seats. Honestly I am hoping that whatever magic spell you where put under wears off, cuz I'm starting to feel bad for you. You are like buying a burning house, or you are adopting a poorly disguised skunk that vaguely resembles a cat." Rodney had often spoken poorly of Michelle, he made it a habit of making fun of her whenever she publicly picked on a shy or ugly student. I'm like the Robinhood Bully Rodney would say when called to the principles office. One time in English after Michelle said her day was as good as a special needs students writing, Rodney verbally assailed Michelle and Mrs. Fay just watched and nodded along smiling a bit when Rodney called her unworthy of title most intolerable barbie. Dan knew Rodney couldn't stand Michelle but the two had always kept each other up on their romantic lives, which consisted entirely of who they liked at the time and Rodney's former girlfriend of three weeks who he met at summer camp when he was 14. Rodney strutted across the street towards school. He turned to find Daniel stopped about fifty yards behind staring at the folded paper note. "Come on you chicken! Let's go get you out of this stupid crush for good!" Just as Rodney finished yelling Michelles Dad drove by with Michelle in the car looking upset and unpleasent. Dan started running in the opposite direction of the school as Rodney pointed towards the car making a exaggerated expression of surprise.

It was four blocks before Dan stopped running. Rodney jogged up beside him, backpack bouncing unencumbered by books or assignments. "Well I guess we are transferring" Rodney said as Dan Paced back and forth. "I can't do it, I don't know what made me think I could. Maybe it was that Rocky Movie? Oh that was so dumb of me to write her a letter I am just going to destroy it." Dan said holding the note clutched in his hand. "You can't do that, It's bad luck. Everyone knows you can't throw away a love note, its as bad or worse than wearing a dead mans hat." Rodney consoled his panicking friend. "Well what do I do with this? I can't let her read it, I can't let anyone read it!! I quoted Rocky and wrote her a poem. I know you want to make fun of me but save it for after this crisis I am close to emancipating and moving to Mexico to a life of cactus farming." Dan's voice cracked and he inhaled sharply and irregularly. "Ok, don't worry alls you have to do is keep the note in a hidden place until the feelings subside for the person and then it becomes just a piece of paper again and then you can destroy it, but only with fire and not when the moon is full." Rodney often cited odd cures to everyday problems. For example if your shoes come untied perpetually or zippers get stuck reset all your clocks to help re sync you to your proper timeline. "I don't want anyone to find this, my mother is nosy! She would read it and probably tell Michelle's parents or something!" "Well were do you want to put it?" Rodney asked? Dan thought through and dismissed many places, anywhere with people might go was too dangerous. "Ok, uhm how about the old tree fort? I can put it there no one goes there and you told me before cursed items are best stored high up." Dan looked to Rodney for confirmation. "Ok, that would help contain the vibes. I like this, skipping first block! Hey ya wanna skip through lunch? We can go to my house if ya wanna." Rodney said but Dan hardly heard he just wanted to get the note out of his clammy hands.
