
---
title: ASMC - The Ex
date: 2019-04-12
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

Rodney watched basketball practice through the narrow openings in between the bleacher seats. He squinted to see the clock, practice should have been over twenty minutes ago. The team was running sprints until the coach "got tired", TJ upset coach Alders by passing him the ball too hard. TJ was running hard and short of breath. Coach Alders yawned and stretched arms over his head leaning back in his desk chair. He belched and took a sip of his large soda mug while looking at his watch. "Ok, I am tired " he blubbered. "Wilson grab the cones, Mikey go get coaches bag and remember I need your report cards signed before next Thursdays game." Coach rolled out of his chair wheezing as he grabbed the bag from Mikey fumbling through the satchel of soda cans and dip looking for a his Red Indian can of snuff. "What an athlete" Rodney thought watching the former high school all star chug his soda, bits of syrupy liquid and sweat running down his enormous face. TJ was waiting in line for the water fountain his legs crossed and shoulders slumped watching the bulbous man shove a fistful of snuff in his pink face. Coach Russ Alders lumbered out of the gym followed by his son, a three fourths scale clone, who was still winded from watching the sprints. As soon the coach got out the door Mikey walked over and placed a hand on TJ's shoulder and looked at him earnestly and said "Hey TJ, you suck and I hate you."  TJ shrugged and sighed " Ok Mikey, good job out there today."  TJ had enough trouble for one day, he didn't want Mikey telling the whole school how he got mad at an autistic kid.  Mikey nodded and said "I know I did good, I would teach you how to do good like me if I liked you. But I don't" Mikey patted TJ on the shoulder again and then left. Wilson, a gangly ginger kid jumped in front of TJ and slurped up a mouthful of water then cupped his hand and flung water at TJ. TJ looked at the thin frail looking kid half his size. "You don't scare me ya big dope!" Wilson turned filled up another handful and lobbed it on TJ's shorts. "Ha looks like you pissed yourself ... again! " The scrawny kid looked to his right and his left looking for some one to share the laugh with, not realizing it was just him, TJ and a hidden Rodney hoping for a smackdown. TJ started breathing heavily through his nose and narrowed his eyes towards Wilson. Wilson suddenly aware of his size or lack of, turned to go.

Rodney sensing his chance started to climb out from under the bleachers, really hoping he could be quiet until he squeezed out from in between the seats. He wanted a mysterious aesthetic, a sudden and sly appearance. He pulled and wiggled his hips rapidly and stiffed his breathing. TJ leaned down to drink from the fountain. Rodney squirmed and pulled his legs free from the bleachers and pulled on his dark sunglasses. TJ turned and picked up a basketball, visibly angry he slung the ball with one arm from one side of the court to the other. "AHHHHHH" TJ yelled and clenched his fist. Whoosh the ball slipped through the net on the other side of the court. TJ was too upset to notice, "Nice shot" Rodney said leaning against a column a few rows up on the bleachers. "Whatever, what do you want Rodney? Have you been hiding under the bleachers smelling the seats again?" TJ rolled his shoulders trying to relax while he spoke. "I am here on official investigation business. And no I came in from " Rodney paused for a second considering his story "The window." "Investigation business? About Sarah? Why are YOU investigating. You should be investigated for skulking around." TJ walked over to the bench to grab his sweatshirt. "Well let's just say someone asked me to look into and I am getting all the facts." Rodney stepped down two rows of bleachers closing in on TJ. "Was it Dan's Dad? It was wasn't it. I already talked to him. Why did he ask you to talk to me?" Rodney didn't know the police had talked to TJ. He thought he was the only one with the sense to be suspicious of the hot headed Ex. "No it was someone close to Sarah. Someone who know's I am a guy who can get answers." Rodney said channeling his bravado. "Except in any and every class" TJ retorted then laughed looking to his left and right then stopped his laugh short when he realized no one heard him say something funny. Damn TJ thought that's the best comeback I have ever had and I wasted it on Rodney in an empty Gym. Rodney jumped down off the bleachers and took off his sunglasses in one quick motion. "Where were you the Saturday Sarah went missing? " TJ shrugged shaking his head, "You are pathetic. I was at home all day." Rodney pointed his finger and demanded "Who saw you there?" "It was just me. Home all day." TJ snapped back. "Can you prove it?" Rodney shot back. "Uh.. you can feel my tv, it's still warm." TJ Grabbed his gym back and flung it over his shoulder as he walked towards the door. Rodney called after him "Listen TJ, you better find a way to prove something, cause half the school has seen you flipping desks and knocking holes in the walls. The other half has heard all about it. You are famous for, and I don't mean to offend, being an angry idiot. You knocked a ref out in middle school. And your Ex girlfriend is missing. You better have something, cause I have heard lots of talk. And I only started some of it."  TJ turned, dropped his bag and charged towards Rodney. "You don't think I know all of that! Of course I know that." TJ grabbed Rodney's collar. " I am looking for Sarah and trying to figure out where she is so people will stop looking at me funny. It makes me want to hit em." Rodney gulped " Well don't hit em." Rodney stepped back releasing himself from TJ's grasp. "Maybe we could help each other. If you will be honest with me, and assure me you didn't put Sarah through a wall you can come with us. We are investigating anyway, you could ya know tag along." TJ starred at Rodney intently, then walked towards his bag picked it up and turned off the gym lights leaving Rodney in the dark. Rodney pulled out a lighter, realizing for the first time there weren't any windows in the gym.
