---
title: "BOL Notes"
date: 2018-11-29
tags: ['The Bottom of the Lake', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Plot: Bess and Harry's child went missing and is believed to be dead.  Harry had an experience at some point during a trick where he almost died and he saw her and interacted with her (dreamy wavy underwater experience).  Harry is now convinced she is alive or that wherever she is he can bring her back.  His obsession tore apart his marriage with Bess who was trying to greave and move on.

Also he and Doyle has a side game/plot running where Doyle tries to find creditable mediums and takes Harry there to try to defunk them by figuring out how they are doing their tricks on the unsuspecting marks.  Harry doesnt realize all of the motivations driving his participation in "Doyle's Little Game".

At the next medium they visit however she is actually legitimate.  Or at least has some vague, but genuine connection to the Talent.  While there Harry can't defunk her and also more worryingly sees his daughter's face in the smoke inside the crystal ball.  (Doyle doesnt see anything except smoke swirling around).  Harry and Doyle later come back after hours to talk to the medium.  She tells Harry that he might be able to pull his daughter back from the Other Side but that it will cost him his life.  But the life of a child is full of potential so an adult life cannot just be exchanged for it since it is more "spent".  So an adult has to have a much more valuable or meaningful life to exchange for one full of potential.  Doyle asks if it goes both ways "potential in exchange for meaningful" and the medium chastises him about "wandering too close to his own heart well" and refers to him as "Life Eater".

Doyle is a man who embraces life to the fullest (like Hemingway but without the stumbling drunk asshole stuff).   He is not afraid of death, but rather dying after a life without consequence or having his death have no meaning.  ("The Light Brigade.  Now there were some bastards who knew how to die.")  He faces life, his writing, etc. like a boxer facing down an opponent.  He can only get the marrow out of the bone by breaking it, he can only become full by drinking deeply, he can only die well by absorbing the world in.  It is why he loves expensive habits like pricey cigars, etc.  But at the same time he has a practical streak and so while he will toss half smoked cigars into the street nonchalantly in front of his peers he has his valets trained to quietly pick up the stub when no one is looking so that Doyle can finish it later in private.

The medium has a daguerreotype camera that supposedly can measure a man's soul.  She takes Harry's photo but only a small portion of his leg shows up.  She tells Harry that this is proof of how unimpactfully he is living and that he must increase it somehow.  Throughout the story as he does things he finds that certain actions brings parts of his body slowing into the daguerreotype.  Thus measuring the weight of his soul.

Side plot about Bess and Harry.  She still loves him and thinks he is just grieving still.  She left because she thought they were both done with grieving and his sudden insistence on their daughter being alive tore open old wounds and threatened to tear her open for good.

Question:  How do you fill up a life enough to make it worth lost potential?

At one point  Harry meets a soldier (somehow connected to the medium).  The man tells him how he survived the war because one man gave his life for their squad on a night "when Death overran reason and humanity."  He tells the story of how men were savages against the enemy. But they also slit the throats of their friends to keep them quiet so that the enemy would not realize they were there and move down the line to kill someone else.  Men hid under the bodies of dead men.  "We did horrible things.  Except for Jack Bellamy.  Worst human being you would ever have the displeasure to meet.  Everything we did that night he had probably done a hundred times over in that shithole he grew up in.  He was made for that night.  But...but he didn't do any of it.  I don't know why.  That night he should have led us into Hell.  We would have followed him, but he...well it was like he reversed the course of his whole life and the whole world that night.  Like he was stretching a slingshot back his whole life, every step towards Hell taking him a bit further and stretching the line.  Then that night he let go and flung toward Heaven and in that small 10 mile section of the Line ripped us all out with him.  It was the only thing that could have shaken us out of the madness we had all descended into.  He yanked us all back."  He tells Harry that Bellamy "Died that night.  Just laid down without a scratch on him and died.  Sun came up a few minutes later.  Like it was too scared or too respectful to attempt to outshine him."  When Harry asks why the soldier is still trying to contact Jack Bellamy through the medium the soldier responds that he needs to know if it was enough.  If Jack made it into Heaven.  The man also tells Harry the Bellamy's last words were "I brought them all.  All back from the bottom of the lake."
