---
title: Bottom of the Lake 2.0
date: 2018-10-22
tags: ['The Bottom of the Lake', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

The night was chilly and Harry tugged his coat tighter as the exited the theatre’s back door. Arthur lit a cigar and looked up into the sky. “So many damn stars up there.” Harry lit a cigarette. A few feet away a large man got out of a parked car and walked around to open on of the backseat doors for them. Harry sized the man up as he and Arthur walked to the car. His nose had been broken so many times it was almost flat and a series of scars crisscrossed his left cheek. “Good show, ‘ister. Doyle?” The man spoke with a fast cadence so it took Harry a moment to parse his words. Arthur climbed into the car and moved over to make space for Harry. “You did not want to see the show yourself?” Harry asked. “I pay him to drive my car and look menacing while he is doing it, Harry, not to sit on his ass watching you drown,” Arthur said from the car. “Get in already I am freezing.” Harry climbed in alongside Arthur. “Find him at the gymnasium?” Harry asked. Arthur tamped out his half-finished cigar on his boot and tossed it out the window. “A boxer, yes. Well, from your old world actually,” Arthur said. Harry watched as the man stooped over and picked up Arthur’s discarded cigar as he walked around to get into the driver’s seat. “A carney?” Harry asked, slightly surprised. “Strong man?” “No, a magician. Of course, a strong man. What else would a hulking brute like that do?” The man slid into the driver’s seat and the car leaned slightly to the left. He turned around and held the cigar out to Arthur. “What?” Arthur pushed his hand away. “What are you doing with that?” The man shrugged and pocketed the cigar in his jacket pocket. “‘Ew said if ‘ew’ve tossed a cigar or ciga’ette ‘alf smoked up to get it when no one’s lookin’. And give it when no one’s around.” “I meant good cigars!” Arthur bellowed. “And when I was with important people!” The man started the car. “‘e’s not important?” He waved a hand in Harry’s direction. Arthur leaned back and rubbed his temples. “No, he is an idiot. Like you. Now, drive!” Harry chuckled. The man put the car into drive and then put it back into park. The three waited. “To the seance,” Arthur said. The man put the car into drive then put it back into park. “The woman,” Arthur said after a minute. The man put the car in drive and was about to put it back into park when Arthur said through gritted teeth “Crandon”. The man nodded and drove, pulling into the light traffic. In a surprising display of humor the man rolled his eyes at Harry in the rear view mirror. The expression looked odd on such a brutish face. “Does your man have a name?” Harry asked, his voice delighted. “I am Harry, by the by.” “Dobbs,” the man said. “I’m Dobbs, Harry By the By.” Harry smiled widely and the man gave him a covert wink. “Idiots,” Arthur grumbled. “So many damn idiots down here."
