---
title: "crossing over"
date: 2019-06-17
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Ellory rocked back and forth on her toes covering her eyes with her hand to block the sunlight. An older man and his wife walked up to the crossing and pressed the button hard and long again and again. “That’s not going to make it go faster, I think once you hit it ya just gotta wait.” Ellory said. The older couple looked at one another and started across the walkway a moment later. Michael thought they were probably saying something about unpleasant about Ellory because they leaned in to whisper as they walked. Ellory looked at Michael and rolled her eyes turning to walk towards the pier. A warm wind pushed a mix of hot sugar, ocean salt and cigarette smoke inland. Ellory breathed deep, “ I need a good funnel cake.” The tone was loaded and Michael knew what she meant. He wanted so badly for this to be a good day. Michael blinked, or what felt like a blink, narrowing his eyes too see the pier illuminated against a dark sky. “Alright, lets walk buddy.” A muffled voice said from behind Michael. The Ferris wheel lights, loud airy music, and yummy smells formed an enchanting fog. The night seemed to stretch and flip, a motionless capture of bright and colorful moments in a collage of sensation. Ice cream from a man with a long mustache and gold tooth followed by arcade games and a kiss. Her hair smelled sweet and her brown eyes reflected the light from the Red Caboose hotdog stand. Michael felt someone firmly grasping his hand and pulling very hard. “Hey, what are you doing?!” Michaels eyes focused to see his Father looking quizzically at him. “You scared the shit out of me, that hurt!”  Michael realized his voice was high and squealing. He had fallen into the past. 
Michael blinked again and looked up to see Bailey nose to nose with himself. Her paws did a happy little jostle, partly because of the hot cement and partly happy to see Michael wake up. The pier was crowded and Michael laying on the edge of the sidewalk had attracted a crowd of onlookers. Ellory pushed her way through the people craning their necks and staring at him. “ Are you OK!?” Ellory stooped down and put her hand on Michael’s forehead. Michael took inventory, he was tasting ice cream, a mustard covered hotdog, and feeling like he was being lifted by butterflies in his stomach mixed with hunger and frustration. “I am ok” Michael’s voice cracked as he spoke and sat up slowly. “What happened, did you faint? Do you need water or something?” Ellory said while reaching for Michaels hand and turning to look for a restaurant. I must have de-synchronized Michael thought, his eyes were wide and he still felt like he had a bit of food left to chew. This pier, always makes me feel like the word summer, a strong desire to be close to somebody, usually heat, exciting long nights and like something amazing is happening around the corner. Too many memories with the same sort of tags. Michaels mind kept racing trying to figure out how he bounced around through those memories. He did remember his family going to the pier regularly, he just forgot all the little things until he was in the same place smelling the same things again.
