---
title: "Don't?"
date: 2021-01-18
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

"Just don't", she said in the most uncertain way. He wanted her to mean one thing but was afraid of what it meant if she was sincere in her statements. A beam of light passed through the floorboard and Michelle reached for Dan's hand. He pulled away. "Gosh dang it he thought". He had been chewing his knuckle pensively and worried one form of spit swapping would prevent another. The glow illuminated Michelle's brown eyes, they pulled, or perhaps permitted. Michelle looked over Dan, his dark hair framed a milky pale face alternating between expressions of a stunned spelling bee contestant asked to spell 'nichaelanhelpho' and someone who had suddenly forgotten how to breathe. She thought she saw something under it, but the half smile he flashed in coy acknowledgement reminded her this was a victim, a sucker in her world. 'ew creep' she would say for others to hear if Dan stood too close at school. But there she was laying on the tree house floor looking into his eyes and maybe wanting him to be a little closer. Dan discreetly dried his hand, he didn't want to miss another opportunity. He was pretty sure they would be found, the trail leading to the tree house was readily visible in the day, it was only a matter of time before some flashlight caught the step ladder or pile of unused shingles. In the distance thunder rumbled softly and the wind pushed the towel used as a curtain aside. Michelle shuddered and inched closer to Dan. Ok, I would rather her kill me than some hooded stranger. He started to yawn but then sucked it back in, no this isn't an accident he thought as he draped his arm over her shoulder. He didn't realize it straight away but he was squinting hard almost wincing like someone expecting to be struck. Houston apollo has landed, he thought as he slowly opened his eyes, should I say that out loud, no, just save it for the captain's log. He smiled as he thought this. "I should be roasting him on a spit" Michelle thought, "rolling my eyes, laughing sarcastically, but I am not. I'm just glad no one sees this." A bright beam of light shone through the window, slowly changing shape as the lights carrier marched closer. The light traveled down the wall and under the floor, heavy foot falls grew louder and finally breathing could be heard. For a moment it seemed like the footsteps were stopping underneath the tree but they kept trudging past. Slowly the treehouse grew dark again until the only light was from the moon slipping from behind the clouds. Michelle exhaled and rubbed Dan's hand. Dan looked into Michelle's eyes and shimmied closer on his shoulder. He could feel her warmth and she could feel his. 'phew, that was close' Rodney said. In a whisper that was hardly a whisper at all. Dan turned in horror to see his friend peering out the window propped up in the corner of the room. Rodney looked at Dan disapprovingly. It was the same one Rodney gave his dad when he visited with his girlfriend's who couldn't spell Tuesday or name the months in a year. Michelle and Dan then looked back at one another to share a knowing look. Yep she had forgotten he was there too. Maybe I could throw him out the window Dan thought. Or maybe strangle him just enough to knock him out and if I did kill him he would understand it was for a good cause. 'Can one of yous keep watch for a bit? I am getting all cramped up from turning my neck out that window.' Rondey said. Dan wondered if hitting Rodney with the stone they used as hammer when they needed a hammer and didn't have one would knock him out and kill him or just knock him out. He felt it a little with one hand not trying to appear to be gauging its weight. 'Fine, Ill do it for a bit" Michelle said, all the softness drained out of her voice. Rodney came and layer by Dan. 'Hey man' Rodney said. Dan just turned around and crossed his arms.
