---
title: Face
date: 2020-05-30
tags: ['Hidden Intelligence', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Calowyn stared out the front window. Her mask’s climate control system was fighting a losing battle with the car’s. She checked her kinetic power reserves on her watch. “Just turn it off,” Jakub said for the fifth time. “Set it to what you want.” “Good,” she said. “You are so stubb—“ Jakub suddenly yanked the wheel to the right hard. Calowyn braced instinctively. Two cars ahead of them a man along the side of the road had decided to cross apparently counting on speed, luck and the drivers’ reflexes to get him safely to the other side of the highway. All three were against the man today. The driver two cars up tried to slam on his breaks then also cut hard to the right sending him shooting off into the ditch along the side of the road. The second car responded by going left, directly into the path of the running man. Even as Jakub’s car swerved and fishtailed Calowyn’s eyes automatically tracked the doomed man and the second car baring down on him. The driver and walker seemed to see each other and froze, both forgetting the car’s quarter ton of steel and fiberglass and quickly shortening distance separating them. At the last moment the runner came to his senses and tried to jump back but the car was too quick and smashed into him, sending him flying backwards. Jakub cursed again and wrestled with the wheel trying to stabilize them. “Stop! Stop!” She yelled. “Trying!” was all he managed through gritted teeth. He managed to break and Calowyn was out of the car before it stopped, sprinting toward the downed runner. “Callie!” Jakub yelled and she reflexively dodged to the side and rolled as a fourth car came screeching to a halt behind her. She jumped up and kept running. She flexed her fingers as she ran, extending her plastic retractable gloves over her hands. She slid to a halt, landing on her knees in front of the man. He was face down. Calowyn immediately checked for a pulse with her gloved fingers. It was faint but there. Should she roll him over? The driver of the first car had run up and was now staring at the prone runner helplessly. “Call Emergency Services!” She barked at the driver. Gratefully, the man began stabbing at his watch, relieved to have something to do, some sort of direction. Calowyn made a decision and gingerly reached out her hands and placed them on the runner’s side. “I am going to flip you over, sir. Slowly,” she added when he waved his hands weakly at her. Was that a no or just acknowledgement? Calowyn carefully lifted the man and rolled him on his back. She leaned forward to hold him more securely to ease him down slowly. Before she could pull her hands back he grabbed her wrist. The grip was weak. He pointed at his mask. Calowyn froze. She shook her head slowly but he nodded frantically. He mumbled something and pointed at his mask again. Jakub ran up and saw the gesture. “Don’t!” He said. Calowyn ignored him, though maybe it was why she did it. She reached forward with both hands and cupped the man’s face carefully. She stared into the man’s eyes a moment then her fingers felt for the releases for his mask. They clicked and she pulled it back. Jakub and the first driver automatically took a step backwards. Calowyn placed the mask beside the runner’s head. His face was that of an older man, lined with the years. He might even be pre-Lockdown. His face of course, from the eyes down was more tanned than she expected. He was definitely a Pre-. “I...” she started then stopped. The man was looking at her mask. He looked into her eyes. Slowly she reached her hands toward her own mask. Jakub cursed. “No, Callie!” But she was already touching the clasps. They released and her mask came off. The wind, she hadn’t noticed it before, felt weird on her cheeks. She felt naked and exposed, but she shoved the emotions down. She was good at that. She was trained for that. The runner stared at her face, her whole face, not just her eyes then looked past her into the sky. He was gone. Everyone was silent for a moment. Then Jakub yelled, “Put your damn mask on, Calowyn!” Callie did not look away from the dead runner. “Have you forgotten that you don’t get to tell me what to do any longer, Jakub?” “But—“ “You have forgotten the face of your father,” she said . He shut his mouth and she could almost feel the shame emanating off of him. He stalked off, back towards the car. She heard the sirens of the Emergency Services’ vehicles in the distance. She took her mask and clipped it back into place. “But I haven’t,” she said softly. She looked at the dead man’s mask—a Zarian. That was odd. She clipped his mask back into place. Slowly she stood and retrieved her badge, placing it on her chest. The EMS scanners would pick it up when they were in range. The Zarian’s body would be treated with respect. That she would ensure. Jakub stalked angrily to the car to retrieve his own badge. There would be a lot of paperwork today.
