---
title: 'Half Drunk Speeches I: The Best Woman'
date: 2020-07-16
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Glasses clinked and a few people clapped. Some of the ladies tittered, one or two of the divorcees a little louder than necessary. Randy was really laying it on thick with his best man speech while wait staff unobtrusively slipped between the tables, clearing plates and swapping out drinks. One unfortunate waiter had tried to relieve Sam of her half eaten chocolate wedding cake. Sure it was just the frosting left but damned if she did not feel she had earned it. Damned if some trumped up artsy-fartsy hippie was going to come away with all of his fingers if he reached for her plate again. She had placed her knife possessively point down in front of the plate. A promise of murder in her eyes. Hippie Joe had wisely retreated. These were not thoughts that normally ran through her head. Sam was about as proper as they came. She was some might even say...meek? No, not meek, Sam just did not see the point of conflict. It was messy. Sam did not do messes. Not meek...agreeable. Yes, Sam was agreeable. Which is how she ended up caving when her sister lobbied day after day for her “baby sis, Sammie” to come down see her favorite (read: only) sister get married. At any other time, in any other place, Sam would have been thrilled to be a part of Katelyn’s big day. A part of the whole experience from dive bar crawl to bachelorette party/limousine last hurrah. But Sam was pregnant. Not get-this-alien-out-of-me-or-so-help-me-God-I-will-reach-down-your-throat-and-rip-out-your-spleen pregnant. But pregnant enough that the summer heat sucked, her husband Zack’s lease on life was tentative, and the last place she should be was at this stupid wedding, watching her stupid sister get married. Watching the whitest whiteboy ever Randy blubber about how much he “loved his home slice Robbie” (Sam’s future brother-in-law) and Robbie’s new wife “Katie-Kate”. Sam gritted her teeth to the polite and slightly drunk laughter as Randy dragged through one stupid story after another. Katie-Kate? What kind of sadist gives someone two nicknames? Maybe Randy had wanted Katie-Kate to scrammy-scram away from his home slice brotherhood. Randy was out of Robbie’s house and Kate was in and now Randy was the last hommie in “the crew” living with his parents at 31. Sam took a deep breath and tried to relax. Unkind thoughts were not what she needed. Numerous studies had shown that stress and negativity directly impacted the baby. This was in the 23rd, 31st, and 54th book that she had read on pregnancy after she had gotten that little pink “+” symbol seven months ago. The baby was clearly in agreement with this. During the wedding ceremony, he had been alternating between kicking her vital organs and sending her gas to pass on his behalf to tell the party goers what he thought of the whole affair. Sam had begged Katelyn to push back the wedding. This date had been cursed from the beginning. The minister who had originally been slated to do the wedding had discovered Buddha or Mohammed or something. Making a phone call to let someone know however seemed to be contrary to his newly found religion because he had just skipped town. Sam had been the one to discover it—always checking behind everyone else, she had uncovered that little land mine. There had been no other ministers available that day or during the month (small town problems).  Then the florist had gotten a big commercial contract with the town for Founder’s Day (which was also today coincidentally). The original venue had gotten flooded requiring Robbie and Kate either to choose another date a few months from Founders Day or switch to this giant sweltering tent outside. The tent had won out.  And then the heat wave had come. It had started in early March. The church had called and let Katie-Kate and home slice Robbie know that even the most conservative weathermen and meteorologists were calling for this month and specifically this day to be the hottest it had been in over 100 years. Could they be convinced to move out a month or two when the flooding would be taken care of or the weather would be cooler? No? What if the venue lowered its rates by 25%? No, it had to be this date. GOD HAD DECREED IT. Somewhere Sam’s usually rational sister had gone batshit crazy along with her husband. God wanted it to be this day. How only Rob and Kate knew but that was their answer to everything. God apparently was as selfish as Kate. No, Sam, chided herself. That was not fair or nice and definitely not proper. When news of the heat wave came Sam had called Kate and said she might not be able to make the wedding. One thing all 77 pregnancy books had universally agreed on (Sam had marked the page or chapter in each) was that extreme temperatures were strongly advised against after the sixth month. That brought down the Hell Fire. Things were said. Mostly by Kate, some by Robbie who was sitting next to Kate now that they were “a Holy unit of God”. Sam had been the one who decided to get pregnant the year Robbie proposed. (Technically Robbie proposed two weeks after Sam broke the news, but why quibble over small details). Katelyn had always been there for Sam. Hadn’t Katelyn dropped out of college and moved in with Sam to help her out with the rent (and also to pursue acting, but that was a side venture)? Who had helped out with the rent when Sam was struggling to make ends meet? (Technically Sam was struggling because Kate ate and drank her way through Sam’s entire paycheck while they were living together). Who... “Doesn’t she just look lovely?” said a voice to Sam’s right. “Yes,” Sam said automatically.  She had said yes to the same question 12 times tonight already. “What a dear!” That was Ms. Flannigan. Eighty-nine years young with a memory like a steel trap. (If that steel trap had rusted shut five decades ago.) Sam still had no idea which side of the family Ms. Flannigan belonged to. But having a shown total lack of foresight getting pregnant had left Sam relegated to the back table with the crazy spinsters. That had been another point of contention. Sam could not be at the main table because it would be directly in the hot sun for the first part of dinner and why bother shuffling everyone and moving one the meal had started just because the sun was down? That had left the divorcee table, the “kid” table, and bridesmaids table open. The rest of the tables had been divided between the two families like Hatfield and McCoy territory. 150 people in perfectly placed in orbit around the main table, distance from the wedding party based on who had pissed Robbie and Katelyn off the least (and who had kissed their ass the most). “Doesn’t she just look lovely?” Ms. Flannigan had been the lesser of the evils. Sam was too old to be with the kids (read: snarky teenagers), too married to be with the divorcees. She was too pregnant to be with the bridesmaids. The last thing anyone wanted was to be reminded of the potential consequences of a drunken one night stand. People came to weddings to get laid! Seeing the Miracle of Life waddling around in front of them might deprive one of the bridesmaids of the opportunity to wake up the next morning, frantically searching for their heels and underwear.  Weddings gave good girls an excuse to throw off the shackles of sense and decorum.  Like how no one could criticize a girl for how she dressed (only) on Halloween, weddings were a hall pass to the bad girl’s bathroom. “What a dear!” “Yes,” Sam muttered through clenched teeth as the baby gave her an expertly placed shot to the kidneys. From the head table, her husband Zack, noticing what he thought was her grin, winked at her. Sam genuinely smiled and winked back. Zack was a good guy. Had he not agreed to do the ceremony it might have never happened. Good old Zack. He drove two states over to this small nowhere town every weekend for two months to meet with Robbie and Katelyn and their new minister who was unfortunately booked up today, Founders Day. Good. Old. Zack. How had Sam let Katelyn talk her and Zack into that craziness.  The same way she always had.  A concerted guilt ridden full court press coordinated between Sam’s mother, father, and Katelyn. Sam stabbed at her cake maybe a little harder than necessary. Zack. Who did not even know Robbie at all and Kate who he did not known other than from Sam and Zack’s wedding last year and the random family gathering.  Zack.  Willing to give up his weekends, her weekends actually... Ms. Flannigan signaled a passing waiter for more cake. She raised two fingers at his unspoken question and he nodded. “Oh, I don’t—“ Sam started but the man had already moved on. “Pregnant,” Ms. Flannigan said and reached forward to pat Sam’s protruding belly. That was the sum total of the interaction so far between Sam and Ms. Flannigan. “Lovely”, “what a dear”, and “pregnant” followed by a belly rub. (Why did everyone think it was okay to touch pregnant women. Even her new father-in-law loved that game no matter how hard Sam tried to dodge and discreetly swivel away.) “Yes, I am STILL pregnant,” Sam said. “Technically, 5 minutes more pregnant than the last time you patted my stomach.” Ms. Flannigan smiled like she did not have a care in the world or thought in her head. Sam looked around. Randy looked like he was winding down. She mentally sighed and took her notes out of her purse. She had worked on the speech for the last week, fiddling with it so that it really showed how much she loved Katelyn. How lucky she hoped Robbie knew he was. There were no jokes in the speech, though. Sam had seen that go embarrassingly bad in the past (recently if you counted Randy’s speech). Her own wedding had had more than a few uncomfortable moments from half-drunk speeches. “Someone should punch that cunt in the throat,” Ms. Flannigan said. The “Yes” was almost automatically out of Sam’s mouth but the sip she had just taken from her watered-down, non-alcoholic Hotty Toddy managed to beat it. Sam spluttered out her drink.  Her words were drowned out by the applause as Randy finished his speech. He and Robbie and some of the groomsmen exchanged high fives and two even did a jumping chest bump. One part of Sam’s mind tried to mentally calculate whether that would raise or lower their stock with the bridesmaids. But the rest of her brain was fully focused on saying: “What did you just say?” She never got the chance. From behind her out of the loud speaker came her new father-in-law’s slurred voice. “Sam, why don’t you waddle on up here and say a few words.” That got a few laughs. Sam stared dumbly at Ms. Flannigan who stared back at her with the same vacant, vapid look she had had all night. The waiter arrived with the two plates of cake. “Now, Sam, honey, that cake will be there all night but Robbie and Katie need to get on the road before too long." The crowd howled with laughter.  Sam turned around, trying to gather her scattered thoughts and waved the cake away with a sheepish grin.  She clutched her speech notes to her side and began to try to weave her way through the cluttered tables and chairs. Katelyn stood up, concern in her eyes.  "Sam, it's ok--" "I'll get her the mic," Don, her father-in-law said with only a touch of petulance.  Don drank.  He treated it like an extreme sport so moving after he got started was a bit of an imposition and that was clear in his movements as he headed towards Sam.  Determined not to be a burden Sam pushed forward through the last sets of chairs and tables and met Don at the center of the room.  He handed her the mic and headed back to his seat, signaling for another drink as he walked. Sam spoke into the mic.  "I couldn't let--" She stopped and moved it away as the feedback came blaring through the speakers.  "Sorry," she said. And then everything went pear-shaped.
