
---
title: Here will do
date: 2021-12-28
tags: ['The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

I don’t remember being in the drunken drama teachers class. To be clear she wasn’t currently drunk, just frequently. Her class looked disorganized from the outside, but there was some order the kids themselves imposed. Little cliques at different stations of drama and some musical activity but mostly it was open discussion. You aren’t supposed to be in here Ms. Mastly said to me from behind her desk, not in a commanding teacherly way but more of a co-conspirator friendly way. “Mr. S said he could be in here.” Ellory defended calmly, there were at least two others with equally unlikely alibis. “Ok, I’ll write him a note” Ms. Mastly said with a wink. *** Michael had just arrived enough to be able to talk, but he was still wobbly. The anchor he had chosen was Zeb’s body spray, it was not a specific anchor but Michael figured if he thought about the day zeb wore a top hat that might work. Michael didn’t know that Zeb hadn’t worn the top hat as part of the same phase so Michael landed somewhere in between those two waves of Zeb’s personal inspiration. *** “And freeze!” Tiny Alison said, jumping up to tap Michael on the shoulder. Ah freeze, a game where actors would play out a scenario, I got it. “That was a good impersonation of a drunk person Michael, the zoo would be a curious, maybe fun place to get drunk, I like the interpretation” TA said pulling up her capris from kids, maybe baby Gap. She took a severe pose and started into an Australian accent as Michael sat down next to Ellory. “She is fierce, I would hate to be that alligator” Michael said watching TA tackle Mark Kirstead and hold his mouth shut with her small hands. “Yeah she I taught her that move” Ellory said in an admiring way “I said wanna see how to make someone shut up?” Ellory giggled. I leaned back in my chair and surveyed the class. Some students were writing in the corner. Jonathan was playing a keyboard next to a group practicing stomp dancing. Then there was our clique, Zeb, TA, Mark and Ellory. Zeb was playing a newscaster and was narrating the Australians struggle as she put an alligator into a choke hold. I know Ms. Mastly would soon be fired for attacking a student verbally over ‘taking’ Allison Robyn’s boyfriend. The word ‘slut’ and ‘hussy’ were used and the old term that I am still uncertain of it’s meaning or pertinence ‘yellow bellied’. But there was a certain quality about Ms. Mastly, students could really be themselves around her. She would hug crying students and cuss around them, ‘yeah you have been through some shit’ she would say. She would talk about her adult troubles and prepare them for when they too would be kicked out of a chili’s for heckling patrons. I think today was one of her good days, she was doing some do ray me warm up over the roar of classroom conversation and I think one maybe or two students were following along. Ellory Had her hair braided into a short little rope and pulled the end through a gray baseball cap. She watched Zeb pointing to Allison dropping an elbow on mark and winced a little as she landed, small though she was. Michael extended his hand and brushed Ellory's thumb. Her ears flushed and she kept looking forward. Michael ran his finger along hers and she returned the motion. I want to be there when Papi passes, but I don’t have time. I have been so foolish to not examine the limitations of what I discovered. And I want to be there for you, and I will perhaps in some form. I am realizing the gift more and more as it goes. But I can be here now.  Michael took Ellory's hand in his. Emotions don’t always come in order and I think people unlearn that. It is hard to accept the thought of losing you. I saw a documentary onc about pompeii, amidst the preserved ruins they found graffiti on a wall. Roughly translated it read “Gaius Pumidius Diphilus was here.” It was nice, seeing something relatable made me feel as if some small notion was flung forth escaping the lurking doom. I am here Ellory, not forever but right now. I hope that counts.
