---
title: "How I choose"
date: 2019-10-04
tags: ['The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

A thought that ensnares the brain is things gone are really truly gone. I don't like the thought or the thoughts around it but it keeps pulling me back like it is some kind of thing I am supposed to think about. It feels like a responsibility, I don't know what to do with it and I want it to go away. I didn't think about how nice control felt, the hellos and goodbyes as certain as the past. Now, this idea keeps washing over me that it is once again locked behind some door I cannot open. I feel things moving forward and it doesn't feel like progress, it feels like leaving home.

Michael lay on the bed dutifully considering his impact. Ellory's mother sent Michael a box of stuff with some memento's she thought he would like. Michael reached for the drawer and pulled out a small pocket knife and cut the tape and pulled out a furry collar with a faded copper plate, it was Biscuits, Ellory's first dog. Michael remembered Eleanor saying Biscuit liked him the most out of all the family members, Ellory didn't like that. She pulled biscuit by the collar out of the room. "There NOW we can play" She said staunchly. Michael lifted the collar to his nose and for a brief moment he could hear the dog pawing at the playroom door and see a plastic pink tea cup. Michael sat up straight and closed his eyes to think. The neural complacency equation must have been wrong, he may yet have a small window. I don't have to say goodbye at the funeral! Damn that tradition I can say goodbye when I like. The equation couldn't be off by that much, he must have desynchronized with moments left. The moments passed like a heavy flow of water, Michael's eyes shot from one side to another. Every second here was one less there. No time for planning, the most immediate anchor would have to do. Michael connected wires to the machine plugged it into the wall and opened his window to run an extra two extension cord to a service building outside. It is going to work.

I know it will, I just have to get there quickly. This may not be safe and could send anyone in earshot to a time they felt conflicted and embarrassed but here it goes.

The room rumbled in a deep roar and the lights dimmed and flickered. I better make this count Michael thought.

"Hey are you listening to me mister?" Ellory came into a blurry focus with her hand on her hip. "You are getting on my nerves!" She stamped her foot for emphasis. "Hey you are really great you know that and I really appreciate the time..." Michael said earnestly before being interrupted with "Ahhh talk to the hand cause the face is too busy." Michael gathered they were playing house but wasn't sure who he was or what he had done. A stern and unemotional voice yelled from the other room behind the door and was met with a meek tearful reply. "Shhh she has a friend over Frank!" Elanor said in a loud whisper. "Shut up!" Glass shattered then footsteps slammed down hard then a door slammed. Ellory's faced flushed red and she yelled "You can't do anything right!" pointing at Michael. He started to say I am sorry but stopped. Michael stepped forward and Ellory slapped his face hard. She glared through him as her eyes welled and nose ran. Michael stepped forward again and held her close. She took shallow breaths between tears. Michael didn't say anything. Moments passed. His vision tunneled. I'm here for you he whispered.
