
---
title: Hushpuppies
date: 2019-06-27
tags: ['The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Ellory pulled Michael’s wrist, Michael thought of his father pulling him along as Ellory was doing now. “Com’on, lets go sit in there.” Ellory said gesturing to a screened in porch by the Hot Dog stand. They walked up the big screens porch and shuffled in. "How about here" Ellory set Michael hand on the edge of the table. “I’ll get you a water, you just sit here.” Ellory pulled the chair out for Michael who was about sixty percent there. Michael remembered the Hot Dog stand, it hadn’t always had a screened in porch it used to be just wood tables and umbrellas. Michael floated between moments, different tastes, conversations with friends, and faces of waiters and waitresses. Ellory carefully navigated the full dining space with two large water glasses balancing in her hands. “Alright, drink like half of that, I can’t have my friend dying, me and Allison aren’t talking right now and Zeb is super negative. Not a good time to be down a friend.” Ellory lifted the back of her hand to her forehead in a dramatic gesture. Michael still wide eyed gave a chuckle and shakily reached for his drink. “Oh My god, are you actually ok? I should be more serious. How do you feel? Not great?” Ellory wiped her hand on her pants and touched Michael's neck. “You don’t feel hot? Well ya know, like heat” Michael smiled, Ellory looked at the water glass. “I feel better, not sure what happened but I don’t think it will happen again. Where’s Bailey?” Upon hearing her name Bailey popped her head between Micheal's legs. “Didn’t know they let dogs in here?” Michael said. “I didn’t ask, thought we might just pretend to be blind if anyone comes, and ya know says something.” Ellory stretched her leg to pet Bailey with her foot, her toes bumped Michael's knee. Ellory pulled her foot back and banged her heel on the foot rest. “Ouch!” Ellory said while forcing an embarrassed smile. Michael grinned, his head started to come out of the clouds of the past and the ambient noise of people talking and clinking their plates and silverware became audible. Ellory looked in Michael’s eyes and Michael started to feel all the little pleasant things around him, the salty and savory air floating stagnantly, his fingers touching the warm metal underside of the chair, Baileys went nose on his leg. “Hey folks, my name is Annie and I’ll be your server today. Can I start you out with some hushpuppies?” A bleach blonde waitress asked interrupting the scene. Ellory’s eyes got wide and turned towards Michael expectantly. “Uh, yeah! Doesn’t that sound yum?” Said Ellory. Michael nodded, still trying to feel things like he had a moment ago. “Good, ok, he is a little mush brain because of the heat but I will help him order in a minute” Ellory said to the waitress while holding Bailey back under the table with her leg. “Ok, honey. Got to be careful with this heat, I will be right back with those hushpuppies.” Annie said giving a well practiced smile. Ellory propped up her menu “Whatya wanna do after we eat?” She asked. Michael felt himself wash over with a pleasant contentment and a sort of melancholy that the moment so freshly gone would not be remembered and appreciated the way it deserved. 

How do you capture a moment? Something professor Mccalister asked rhetorically while thumbing through assignments. Michael thought about it literally. The professor interrupted Michael's thinking by sliding a piece of paper across his desk. 
“Sunny window smile,
Young wiggle in old blue van,
Open door, friends play”
Haiku’s, Eddie said with cheerful enthusiasm. Eddie went on to explain the imagery in classic Haiku’s and talked about rhyming structure and it’s optional nature and spoke about their potency. Michael, who had come to talk seriously that day and mine advice nodded politely and waited for a moment to shift the conversation. Michael picked up his menu, looking over the pictures hotdogs with slaw and chilli. He thumped syllables on the laminated menu. 
“Long look on a hot day, 
 Smile, eyes meet, feel of salt air
Good time to be here”
