---
title: 'Into the basement'
date: 2019-10-17
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

The air was musty and still and the sound of Rodney’s fall was muffled and short. Lines of silver white moon light moved around the dark floor as the wind blew the bushes overhead.  Ouch Rodney muttered dusting himself off. “Wow, look at this place, its like old, really old.” Dan said pointing his flashlight at a row of theatre seats covered in cobwebs and sawdust. “Get a load of this”  Rodney whispered holding up a large wooden box with bellows and open circle. “It’s a camera, it looks like friggen canon.” Rodney feigned shooting his friend with the contraption. “Ok, very funny put that down.” Dan said gesturing with his flashlight. “We need to find evidence, se we gotta get into the offices.” Dan scanned the basement looking over tables and file cabinets sleepily lying covered in stillness and grime.  Dan’s light passed over an oblong door that was slightly open. Dan started moving towards the door, the deepness of the dark growing with each hushed creaking step. The door seemed to grow ominously larger and the sound was arrested more quickly as Dan drew near. Hear reached out his arm, then paused, thought of Michelle and how grateful she would be if he found some evidence. He would get to second base for sure, which to Dan was french kissing. Dan turned towards Rodney who was flailing his arms quietly but desperately try to get Dan’s attention. Rodney pointed towards the corner of the room next to the window. It was a bed and in it was a silent snoozing short man in a white undershirt. Rodney eyes wide made a slashing motion on his throat and held a stiff finger to his nose. SHHHH hey quietly mimed. Dan turned and reached for the door, lifting the knob slowly as he pulled so as to not make noise while sliding the door open. Rodney slid swiftly towards him checking over his shoulder at the bed in the corner. Go he whispered and Dan stepped through the dark door frame into hallway of unknown length. Rodney pulled the large door gingerly turning the knob to avoid any contact with the frame. “Dan, what the hell!” Rodney shouted in a near silent whisper. “What! How could I have known someone was sleeping in the basement” Dan rose up on his toes to get at eye level with Rodney. “C’mon we can get out the front door. We just gotta get up the stairs.” Dan turned down the hallway pointing his light in front of him. “What tha?” Dan said squinting, the hallway seemed to stretch on for at least seventy five yards. The sides of the hall were light wooden panels with and small award placards and every four feet was a door on either side. “Guess we gotta try em all” Dan said.
