---
title: "Letters from camp"
date: 2019-11-30
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Micheal leaned to one side to peer past the long line that had formed at the cafeteria. A high school marching band was jamming up the que at the cafeteria. Michael looked down at his small wads of tin foil wrapped food and debated if it was worth the wait. Too late, too much invested, he would just stand and look around. We wanted to get back to Ellory they had just gone to the beach and he was trying to decide rather to go forward to a time he had charted and named the “fallout” which was righ after Ellory’s parents split. He had searched for attractions and planned a scavenger hunt to help distract. But Michael had also though about going to a time when they were younger and played at Ellorys House, he had strong memory’s of riding a red wagon around and taking turns making up spy stories.

A tuba player bumped Michaels back with his tray, Michael turned to see a squinty eyed pimply faced portly teenager nudging him forward. Michael nodded to the teenager who stared straigh forward scowling. Well we are all hungry Michael thought. A small shuffle forward. On top of a high school band the school was also playing host to a gaggle bright faced summer camp counselors wearing graphic t shirts. Michael looked intently at the eblem at one of the shirts, it was a weird type of familiar. Michael had for some time felt oddly about things he saw unable to match them solidly to where they came from. Michael leaned deeply into the thought and tried to place its familiarity. It was likely in one of the memories that washed in between trips to the past. The boy with the Tuba prodded Michael again. Michael turned sharply, the portly teens kept his gaze fixed. Ah! A letter, no a postcard with  a letter, it’s from Ellory, it’s new. Well new to me Michael thought. He turned to the tube player and turned his tray on top of his, I have got to read it, I can’t rememeber what it says. Michael sifted past the crowd and trounced towards the doors. He ran towards his dorm. The letter was in a drawer underneath several pictures Michael re remembered.

Dear Mike,

I have had a most excellent summer so far and I can’t beleive all that I am learning while here. I know you you are probably having a great time too and I am glad you asked to write back and forth. The mosquitoes her are re dic u lous. They are huge and all over the place. I am swatting them now as I write. Ha! So the other day we had a late night campfire and I stayed up looking at fireworks across the lake. I got a great view by walking up the slide, which had the water turned off, of course. Haha. I thought of you, it is like those times that you say things, well get sappy and tell me it’s inportant then say something super sincere. I know that I sometimes make fun of you for spontaneously becoming hyper serious with a thousand yard gaze, but I want to say thank you. Because I was thinking about something you said a few years ago, ‘don’t let the day go by without being mindful about where you are. It is amazing, you are amazing and you should feel the amazing.’  I thought about that. I have thought about that and I feel like I am really soaking up the whole experience. I put my hand on a warm rail and just felt it, it was nice. Anyway, I am glad you are serious some times, I think it is nice to genuinely enjoy things. I think you do. You are a great friend and I am so glad you are my friend. Anyway time to bunk up! Got a big day tomorrow, new campers. Write me back what is something you have experienced recently. So glad you convinced me to be a counselor!

 

Oh I forgot I told her that she would like being a camp counselor, two and a half years ago. Hmm, ok, I know where my next trip will be, got a sales pitch to make. Maybe I will add bug spray to a suggested packing list.
