---
title: 'Long nights'
date: 2019-10-24
tags: ['Elsewhere', 'Coley Angel']
---

Night has always fascinated man. Perhaps it is the lack of light to illuminate things that makes the night feel mysterious. Or it could be that most people choose to sleep through the times of darkness and thus never get a feel for them they way they feel the light times. Maybe ancient man chose to hide in caves to avoid nocturnal predators and the feeling of exposure and uncertainty associated with the darkness has lingered. No matter the true cause for the feelings night brings, persons often find those feelings validated by unsavory characters who prefer night for it’s defining characteristic concealment. For John night brought relief, a time to himself to reflect and get lost in idea’s not present in his professional life. He would sit out on the porch of his apartment facing the tall trees and smoke cheap cigars by the light of copper string bulbs. After two shots of spiced rum from a well used shot glass John would start to think about some alternate world. A world of night illuminated by yellowed bulbs and silver blue moonlight accompanied by brassy instruments echoing far away. Cities swept with warm winds where mysterious business awaited John on lonely visages where the only people were tucked away in bars and cafes gossiping about criminal activity. On this particular Thursday, John waited for his mind to drift off to lands of intrigue carried by his imagination. But he was firmly anchored by the business looming ahead of him. No amount of spiced rum could make him forget his court appointment racing towards him. John never liked courthouses, too much evidence of cruelty and inequality for him to dream in their. The picture he got in courthouses was one of bluntly painted laziness spurred by mounds of entrenched incrementalism. He felt like a foreigner in the courtroom, his tanned skin burned in his clothes almost as if some quantity of guilt was stained on it. It didn’t help that called him Juan instead of John. It was getting late, all but one other apartment was dark. John didn’t want to go to sleep because that would mean he was that much closer to the hearing. Family court is a weird place and it is humbling to walk amongst rough looking individuals with similar business. His son was turning five in a month and he knows there is a pretty good chance John won’t get to be there and it is all he can think about. The presents were all wrapped and waiting in the car, the only thing left was to sign the card. He didn’t want to, the next birthday card would be a whole year away and by that time he would be only a memory. It felt like Sam was already fading away and becoming someone else.
