---
title: Moving Day
date: 2021-11-03
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Coley Angel']
---

I shifted my weight back and forth in between sips of coffee, I was doing my best to appear patient while checking my phone. I wanted to fulfill my hunger before arriving, I have what I consider a healthy fear of any food made in the Woodman home or any food that has been in the Woodman home. I had seen cooked chicken one morning while I was dropping off boxes, gone to lunch with Bruce and returned to see the same plate of chicken still lingering on the counter two hours later. A large man leaned over the counter and passed me my bagel with cream cheese stacked so high it looked like ice cream. I tucked the bagel into a bag and and walked towards the car while I dialed. The message had said to be there at ten, it was ten fifteen and I had a five to six minute drive still to go. No answer, he must be busy loading boxes with many of the larger items already been hauled out and loaded by the prompt friends. I backed out and drove towards his house only to be caught behind a sprinter van covered in ladders and PVC pipe. Every light between the bagel shop and my friends place, well my friends mother's place was turning yellow then red as I approached. The plumber I was following took no chances and stopped at the lights. I vigorously massaged the steering wheel, was I that friend, the one that people expect to be late, the one letting people down with my character defect of un promptitude. My phone rang as I idled at the light, Bruce, maybe he would start with 'are you coming?' or maybe ask if I needed the address.
"Hello" I said brightly. A long pause of white noise followed.
'Heeeey Coooole" Bruce slurred in a sleepy voice. Another long pause with more static as I waited for him to continue.
"I am on the way, I will be there in five minutes" I said after realizing it was my turn again.
"Mhm, what time is it?" Bruce asked with an affect that told me he was rubbing his eyes.
"Ten seventeen, did you get the truck?" I asked to dissuade my fear he had just woken up.
"Yeah just got back with it" He said, "It's a big-un, like driving a tank lol" He laughed.
"Ok great, ok, well I will see you in just a minute" I responded.
"Ook, Coole" Bruce said back to being half awake. "See you soon"
I parked in front of the neighbors house on a curve, the Woodman home was full of cars and one large truck. I knocked on the door and for a moment all was silent. I turned around and looked at the furniture being offered on the lawn. There was a large blue wooden bin that had 'achery' in colorful wood letters on it underneath a wire shelf of undiscernible type. No one was named 'Zachary' or 'achery' for that matter in the Woodman home.
"Heeyy Cooole" Bruce said again as we hugged.
"How does it feel?" I asked.
"I don't know, I just tried not to think about it for so long. It's just uhhh, all at once." Bruce said walking inside the living room. Large bags cluttered the floor of the living room surrounding a tired pale couch set. On one end of the room a small tv played black and white movies atop a chest stacked with different size boxes.
"Sugar shut up!" Bruce bellowed as I followed him trailed by a small barking chihuahua with a bulging forehead. The dog scampered into an almost empty room and crouched into crate to peer out and shake. "Sorry she is a little scared. She will stop when she gets used to you" Bruce said looking over a bin of vhs tapes with the types of covers used when a tape has been used to record from the tv. I had no intention of getting to know sugar, you only have so much emotional energy to spend and I wasn't about to invest in any of mine in sugar.
"This is most of my stuff here, except some clothes and stuff" Bruce gestured to four plastic bins, several bags of various fullness, a yellow broom and a wooden truck meant to look like it was hauling cut timber.
"Ok, how much is in your room?" I asked ready to roll up my sleeves and commence.
"Uhm just some clothes, and a chair, and nightstand and a bed" Bruce chuckled still picking through the bins on the floor.
"Well want to start packing?" I asked feeling a slow leek of motivation spilling into the crowded kitchen.
"Uhm yeah, we could do that." Bruce said making no change in movement. I took a moment to survey the garage. A large cabinet stacked with posters of comic books and figurines of Japanese characters. A laundry basket of desktop speakers and clothes hangers sat on top of a sofa with sunken cushions. To the right of the door in the garage was a large pile of styrofoam, black bags and a microwave with a broken door. "That's the trash pile" Bruce said peering through the door now rummaging through the freezer. "So it is" I said. "well want to get on and get started?"
"I am gonna eat this biscuit, I need to get some fuel and get going. So I am gonna heat it up, you want one?" Bruce said watching the biscuit toast.
"That's alright" recalling memories and observing a quarter inch layer of frost. Bruce walked in and pulled two mouse pads off of a shelf. "See these?" He said pointing to the pads printed with japanese cartoon women on them. The pads had two large mounds of foam representing on one breasts and the other a butt. Bruce laughed. Then pulled on breast wrist cushions to reveal a split from heavy use over years. He examined them closely and delicately for a moment. "Well they are trash now" He said while tossing the items onto the trash heap. He looked over his desk moving some small items from one side of the table to another. He walked over and picked a box with a gamecube up off of a paint sprayer. What do any of us look like to someone looking in? Movies show what we think people look like living their lives but most of our lives are not fit for an audience. Bruce's Dad left his mom one Tuesday morning while he was still asleep upstairs. He packed up his two brothers, but left him. In a movie they might have shown hurried packing with the brothers clad in backpacks running out of the door. Bruce just slept through it, assuming the noise to be some non life altering activity.
Bruce picked up a box and pulled out a gray plastic contraption about the size of a deck of cards.
"See this, it's a compass and a world clock I think. I don't know, something my dad got me for my birthday. He doesn't like to spend money so I have a lot of things like this cheap science toys. I wonder if it works" He opened the lid and an electronic chime sounded, the small screen shown a blinking twelve.
"Well shit, it works" Bruce said, then he tossed it onto the trash pile.
