---
title: Myrtle beach
date: 2021-11-27
tags: ['Woodman chronicles', 'Coley Angel']
---

A reflection. Preparation, an important element to any family vacation, and one that many believe should be had in abundance. It makes car turn arounds less frequent and generally instills a sense of calming certainty. Will we have our bedding to sleep on? Yes. Will we have food to eat? Yes. Once the details have been arranged then the participants get down to the important business of enjoying the trip. I had vacationed with the Woodmans before, and I was at this time welcomed past the facade familys put on for friends and got to enjoy the authentic experience. I had become invisible. When I arrived at their home, I knocked and got waved inside by a figure obscured by the decorative glass of the front door. I lugged my suitcase over the door frame and stepped in. The figure had run off and I waited by the front of the house making eye contact with Tucker, a shaking Chihuahua mix anchored to the closet door by his leash. He smelled bad and he positioned himself as close as he could to me, staring up with bulbous eyes. His range of motion was not more than three feet and he radiated a strange energy of fear and business. His breathing was rapid and he wasnt the sort of dog you could talk to so I decided to go inside and sit down. Bruce came down the stairs excited to see me and I was excited to see him. We went up to the bonus room where Bruce showed me a catalog he had put together for the game Pikman. It was detailed and organized with tabs so certain elements could be referenced quickly. "Aaaron" misses Woodman called from the kitchen. Bruce immediately followed by imitating his mother. And Bruce's brother David echoed again from down the hall. This was like one of those chain restaurants that welcome guests with the same phrase, it was practiced and instinctive. Again misses Woodman called, it was strange to me because she hadn't gone to look for him or make any move to get closer so he could hear and the call was made in the same way and at the same volume. Again Bruce and David echoed. Aaron had been upset, and yelled back "What!" from his room. "I need you to help me pack the food honey." She called back. Aaron slammed his door. Bruce told me to come on and we went downstairs to take the task for ourselves. He did this frequently and I think he enjoyed being helpful. Miss Woodman was flipping pancakes and greeted me as I walked in the door. She was about five foot two with curly brown hair down to her shoulders and on that day was wearing spandex pants and an American flag t shirt with a teddy bear. "Are ya getting excited for the beach?" She asked. "I sure am, thanks for inviting me." I said. "Of course, we are excited you are coming with us." She said holding a pancake up inspecting it. Bruce went to the closet and pulled out a gallon ziplock bag and held it open for his mother. She tossed six small pancakes into the bag. Sometime in mid teenage hood children experience family culture outside their own. Sure different people make up different families but doesn't everyone pack pancake mix and make the pancakes the day they are eaten? Bruce senior came in and said hello and asked if I was excited. I told him I was. Bruce senior was about six foot tall, thin muscular and had sandy brown hair. He spoke slow and close. David, Aaaron! Janet called out, 'come on down sweety'. David came down with his bag and carried it out to the garage. Aaron came down a minute later, he had been crying about something and was all red in the face. Bruce senior looked around the room and grabbed Aaron and David's hand. I linked up with Bruce and Janet and we bowed our heads. "Dear lord" Bruce senior said slowly with some pause in between. " Keep us safe as we travel and help us see the beauty of your creation. Amen" Amen said Janet. We piled into the van, Bruce and myself got the captains chairs and David and Aaron piled into the back seats with Tucker. We played Gameboy advance for some time together but then I got car sick and had to stop. Behind us was a pop up camper, packed with sleeping bags and a tent Bruce and I were to share. Janet and Bruce listened to prairie home companion on audio tape, it made me feel drowsy. Bruce and I had talked about the possibility of meeting girls at the beach. He told me the previous year he met a girl he really liked and they hung out every day. "Do you think she will be there this year?" I asked. "I don't know" Bruce said considering. Family vacations are rife with potential for discomfort, new surroundings inability to bring all the comforts of home, huge change in the schedule. But I think discomfort make us see and feel more, which helps make pungent memories. And I was there in the van with Bruce seeing the road before us, feeling uncertain about girls, hearing the droll life of early Americans, smelling Tucker and looking forward to the taste of pancakes from a bag.
