---
title: "Painting with Ellory"
date: 2019-11-18
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Coley Angel']
---

Michael looked up from his canvas which was blank save a blue smudge, the start of a small ocean. Ellory was laser-focused outlining an ear from a picture of Bailey. She twinged her lip pulling up on the brush trying to make the image in her mind obey. Michael watched Ellory paint, he thought of all the time they had spent together and tried not to dwell on his silly mistakes. It is unlikely you have ever known that someone was going to die before everyone else unless you are premeditated murderer or doctor about to communicate a dire diagnosis, it is strange, to say the least.It would not be long before she falls over and leaves.

Michael wanted to say something but didn't. He wanted to ask if she thought her life was a good one, but that is a comparative determination and most people don't ask if someone has had a good life up until now because it makes them sound like premeditated murderers. Besides Michael wouldn't have a response if someone asked if he had a good life while he was focusing on getting the shade of brown just right. "Sure I guess" Michael muttered and reached to the paper plate to run his brush through a globule of blue paint. Ellory didn't lookup. Michael thought to himself while smearing small undulating waves "Does anybody realize life while they live it, I seem to be looking forward to something immensely or recollecting something and seldom do I land solidly in between. When I do land in between I can't seem to stay there long, I desperately want to be here but thinking what I am going to say is keeping me from saying anything. What I should do is knocking what I am doing. The only beings I think that actually live in the moment are dogs. I miss Baily. I could go see her, wet dog kisses in the surf is a strong sensory anchor."

Ellory looked up from her canvas, "Whatya thinkin bout?" She asked. "Baily, I was thinking about the time we all went to the beach together," Michael responded a bit melancholy. "We should go again, whatya think Baily?" As Ellory spoke an audible thud could be heard. Baily the living dog had bumped into the wall walking towards the sound of her name being called. "I didn't know she was still al - " Michael's mind breaks engaged wait, no, stop he sputtered a bit " all in this room. " Michael said. "Yeah, she may not know it but she is all up in this room. And I am all in this painting. Boom! "Ellory spun the canvas towards Micahel revealing a smiling portrait of a dog that somewhat resembled Baily. Michael looked at the painting and then down sitting beside Ellory was Baily who panted and looked up towards her mother waiting to be pet. Michael smiled and got down to pet Baily. "Whatya think girl? Is your mom a great painter or what!?" Ellory blushed and reached down to pet Baily too, as she leaned she wobbled and tumbled forward. Michael reached out to grab her but couldn't keep his balance. Ellory fell on top of Michael. "Woah that was weird." She said. The two were inches apart. Michael felt her weight on top of him and studied her eyes, he was awash with the feeling of missing her. He reached his arms around her waist, she paused then reached around him and squeezed, they hugged for a long time on the floor. Baily licked their faces and they both smiled and winced at the barrage of warm dog kisses from a very alive dog.
