
---
title: Part: 2 - Smoke, Timeout and Nicknames
date: 2018-09-30
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

You did what? Michael's sister, Marie, said. He turned and quickly studied her young face. It had been a long time since they had talked face to face. Nothing he said, in a high voice he had forgotten. Wow, everything looks so different through young eyes he thought, kind of bigger and brighter. Michael walked into the kitchen hoping to see his mother, but she was currently shrouded in a cloud of smoke from the cookies. Michael sat on a small chair that used to be for time out and waited for the air to clear. His mother rushed from the counter and opened all the windows in the kitchen. With wide eyes Michael started to see his young mother as the smoke dissipated, youthful but currently distressed. She was wearing an apron overA a red long sleeve shirt and was using a metal pan to fan smoke out the window. She turned to see him sitting and staring at her among the smog and said a frantically “honey, will you get your dad?” He hopped up and started towards the door to the porch to see his father. He was skipping towards the door when around the corner his Brother, Riley waddled in front of him and the two collided. Riley fell back and looked up at Michael. This was the brother who was a high school champ in wrestling and cross country star, but now he was small and stubby. The young helpless face kept looking up expectantly and Michael could see in it his brother in his little puppy sweater and sandals. Ha! He said aloud in such surprise, if only you could see yourself you little squirt. Riley’s eyes started to well up and he could tell he wasn’t hurt just startled. Michael reached over and tried to help him up but could quite make out how strong his young body was and fell over too. He started to laugh on the floor, these moments don’t come back but here one was, a brand new childhood memory unfolding. Riley and Michael clambered up using a nearby chair and Michael grabbed Riley's face and pulled it close, you are fantastic. Unsure how to feel Riley decided to continue to see if the cookies were ready, much to his disappointment. Dad wasn’t as fat as he is now and he was smiling talking to his Dad on the phone. Michael's Dad and Grandfather used to always talk on the phone before his Grandfather died. He looked so vibrant and beaming, they were talking about sports and family plans for the Holiday. I really hope he remembers this talk, it seems like a good one. Michael walked up to his dad and tugged on his bright green shirt. “Hold on, I gotta call you back, Love you too! Tell mom we are looking forward to seeing her.” Brantley turned and pushed the antennae back into the clunky cordless phone, hey buddy he said just like Michael remembered. [av_button label='Next' link='post,191' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-anj71' admin_preview_bg='']
