---
title: 'Part 7 - Gardenia's'
date: 2018-10-30
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Friday - Present Day

Bits of dirt fell on the area rug as Michael situated the pots on his desk. "How do these smell?" Jay asked handing Michael a freshly plucked flower. Michael breathed deeply and closed his eyes. "I think this is close, what is this? " Michael said excitedly. "This is white Gardenia" Jay said reading a thin plastic label that was sticking out of the green pot that held the bushel of small white flowers. "It says they bloom in spring, that's what you wanted right?" Jay posed, as if waiting for a cue with the plastic container held aloft dropping bits of white loam and dirt. "Yes" Michael said smiling. "Sweet, this is a good looking bunch. I know you said not to ask but whats this for again?" Jay asked for the fifth time. "Ok, if you must know: In the Twelfth grade before graduation Miss Mills helped beautify the school and she and the student council planted a bunch of these flowers." Michael paused trying to remember who was with him that day, he remembered enjoying their company but their names were hazy, he continued "Me and some of the other members got to miss the period before lunch to plant these all over the courtyard." Jay again waited for the story to continue, he turned his head quizzically. "So you just want the flowers in your dorm?" Michael ignored Jay's comments sniffing the flowers and turning knobs on his board. "Well Jay, I will have to catch up with you later- I am seeing someone soon," Michael said, walking to the door as if to go out. But as soon as Jay bid him adieu, which he literally said, " I bid you adieu", Michael turned around and ducked back inside his dorm and locked the door.

Bits of brown soil danced on the floor as the sounds vibrated the room. One hand on the dial the other clutching a fistful of bent flowers pressing against his nose. Michael closed his eyes and breathed deeply, pulling in the sweet smell of spring.

May 2011

David waved his hand up and down in front of Michael's face. "Hello, yoohooo? Come on, man, stop faking." David said narrowing his eyes a few inches from Michael's face. "Are you alright dude?" Michael's eyes widened and he smiled a rye smile. "Hey" Michael thought hard for a moment trying to remember his friends name "Dude." Michael stepped back and turned around looking at the school courtyard. David looked at his friends odd wobbling and staring but decided to go on with his train of thought from before the new Michael arrived. "So anyway I think I am failing drama, and I am not sure what to do, I have never even had a B before dude." Michael nodded inattentively, his eyes jumping from place to place. That couple breaks up, she has a kid, her sister died of an overdose. To Michael it felt like a board game and he was looking at the pieces, he knew their moves. Michael's mind raced as he adjusted, his face plastered with a smile seeing old friends. If it were present day and he saw these people in a store he would have changed pace towards some vacant aisle, but seeing them like this was nice. "Dude" David leaned in front of Michael "What am I going to do!?"

[av_button label='Next' link='post,321' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-a26ta' admin_preview_bg='']
