
---
title: Part 11- Phase 1
date: 2018-12-09
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

The past: Grade 12 lunch, two days before graduation - Michael began his landing to the past and he was staring at his plate, with the strong smell of onions and pickles ringing in his head. He looked up as Zeb, the large ginger was snapping at him. The world came into focus and the indistinct roar of the lunch room felt like it had been unmuted. “You were really studying that burger!” Tiny Allison said while mockingly staring at her bologna sandwich. Zeb, Allison, Zoey and Charles all laughed while Michael scanned for Ellory. The theatre table was in the corner of the lunch room and it made for a good lookout. Michael was happy to find himself there, in his original memory he was with David, Steven and Steven’s terrible girlfriend who dumped him after cheating on him continually, then she and David got married after she got pregnant with someone else's baby. David took her back even after he found out, but she left him and joined the peace corps. Currently though, Stephanie was sucking face with Steven and David was trying to look away in between bites of pizza. Michael felt a strange sensation on his neck and then reached back to feel a hand dropping an ice cube down his shirt. “Hey buddy,” Sean said holding the ice cube under Michael’s shirt with the appearance of a friendly pat on the back. “Hey Sean” Michael said flatly. Tiny Allison threw a chip at Sean and Sean dipped to catch it in his mouth. “Hahaha!” He said proudly while chewing the chip. “Can’t beat me at my own game!” Sean exclaimed while walking backwards shooting pistol fingers at the group. Sean just about backed into Ellory who was walking with a tray of tater tots and milk. “Watch it!” Ellory exclaimed and Sean stepped aside and bowed insincerely. This was step one of the Professor’s plan. Go to a place when she can tell you all about the hard times in her life. Michael and the Professor settled on this after talking about how much time realistically Michael could spend in the modern day laying on his dorm floor. Tell her about a time in your life, Eddie explained, that you needed someone, if sincere then she will likely do the same. Michael thought about the death of his grandfather and was going to talk to Ellory about that. People don’t say what they mean professor, they say something general containing it or they don’t say it at all, how do I start talking with someone I don’t know about something so big? Eddie started talking about the visit to the hospital the first time his daughter overdosed. The way he felt when he saw his little girl covered in vomit stains and tubes. How grateful he was to the nurses who cleaned and cared for her. The sense of relief when she was discharged and the hope he felt as they talked over wendy’s burgers on the ride home. Michael saw Eddie wipe his tears and he felt uncomfortable but also he felt as though he had walked through a door in his relationship with Eddie and he was happy about that. Ok, Michael thought, now is the time. “Hey Ellory.” Michael started meeting Ellory on her way to the table. “Hi Michael, are you ready for improv today? It’s the last one of the year and well you have gotten better and Mr. W said if you had more time you could have been really good.” Michael listened to Ellory’s quazi-compliment while standing in the way of the table. Michael opened his mouth to ask Ellory a question but she cut him off “I know TA and Zeb will probably want to start with Freeze again, but usually we do the one with the panel, kind of like a tournament. It works better with more people but Aimee had to leave so we will only have nine.” Michael interjected sensing a slight pause, “can I interview you?” Ellory looked perplexed? “Interview me? Why? Like all assignments are due already?” Michael had a response thanks to Eddie. “It’s for state. A english professor has it listed for summer work.” “Ok” Ellory said cautiously.
