---
title: 'Part 8 - Lunch'
date: 2018-11-16
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

"Hold that thought," Michael said as his friend gazed with an exaggerated look of frustration that was common in high-school-age people. Michael walked towards the cafeteria; it was first lunch. He opened the door to a dull roar of petty conversation. Mrs. Ethel was serving fries and tater tots, sweating all the while. Michael felt out of place and self consciously rubbed his jaw, where his usual stubble would be. He was struck by how young they all looked, never remembering appearing this young himself. The crowd made it easy to blend, Michael walked past students waiting in line for their square pizza and chocolate milk, stopping occasionally to fist bump some forgotten friend. He knew the cafeteria well but he wasn’t sure where Ellory would sit. Michael sauntered past the band table scanning over the oily faces of self conscious teens tucked away beneath hooded sweatshirts. A fry flew past his head and someone from the student counsel table gave him a sly head nod. Michael walked over to say hello. “Wassup brotha?” Sean said while grabbing and slapping his hand in a few different directions. “Nothing, just looking for a friend,” Michael responded, nodding in pace to match the enthusiastic movements of his friend.  “Bet, who ya looking for?” Sean stood up and turned around, looking over the crowd. Michael remembered he was the social gatekeeper in touch with all cliques. “Ellory.” Michael said, looking hopeful his friend would know her and maybe even have some information he could use to strike up a conversation. Sean spun on his heel, lifted his arm up with a stubby pointer finger extended and then lowered his arm in the direction of a table in the corner of the room. Michael was thrilled, “thanks buddy,” extending his hand for a shake only to have it slapped in a few more directions. Michael thought to himself how fortunate he was to have such a helpful reception, before he could complete the though, though, he heard Sean's voice call out: “Hey Ellory, Michael thinks you're cute!” Michael froze and turned around to see Sean smiling cheekily and shooting pistol fingers in Michael's direction. Slowly Michael turned to see the reaction, he was grateful for the commotion of the cafeteria which stayed at a steady roar. Maybe she didn’t hear him? Ellory sat a bit slumped, her puffy cheeks bright red and her lips tightly pursed while she stared at Michael, who sheepishly walked towards her. “Hi, Ellory.” Michael said when he was a few feet from her table. Ellory took a bite out of her bologna and mayonnaise sandwich looking straight ahead at the tiny person in front of her. “Can I sit?’ Michael pressed on, moving to sit before Ellory could answer, and tiny Allison scooted down the bench to make room. Michael set his elbows on the table, and exhaled -- "sorry about him,” nodding toward Sean who was artfully balancing a cookie on his nose, “I don’t know why he said that.” Ellory took a sip of orange juice and made a face while waiting for Michael to continue. He wasn’t sure where to start; he had hoped to just sit down and say 'lets be friends" but Sean’s intro threw him off. “Well” Michael thought quickly “Would you like to go horseback riding some time?” [av_button label='Next' link='post,336' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-bdme1' admin_preview_bg='']
