---
title: 'Part: 3 - The Quick Hello'
date: 2018-10-01
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

On the way to church Michael listened to songs he hadn’t heard in a long time and he had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in the back of the van. It was sensational, absolutely poetic, something about being a kid makes food taste very different. Michael was wearing tiny corduroys with a collared white shirt and a red and green vest. He kept looking in the mirror before church and laughing, his mother loved that. Michael even danced a little looking at his hip vest. The family found a parking spot and spilled out towards the church. Years later Michael went to the deacons funeral who presently met them at the door and welcomed them in with a “Merry Christmas”. He shook his hand and said thanks. The family walked towards the sanctuary and Michael was taking two steps for every one of his parents and it felt like running. His parents were in a hurry to celebrate the season and were hungrily making haste to get good seats to celebrate the season of giving. The corridors were decorated with green faux garland, red bows and sparkly Christmas lights. Michael was slowly figuring out how use his tiny legs when he saw Ellory’s mother talking to a old woman with a big yellow hat. Ellory’s mom was wearing a jean dress that made here look like a column of blue and had puffed up brown bangs like a thin wave crashing on a pale shore. Michael pulled his hand away from his Dad and told them he had to go pee. Ok, lets go fast Michael's dad said. Crap this was something he hadn’t thought through, he had forgotten the days when bathroom trips were accompanied. “No Brantley, I can do this myself. I will come and find you in your usual seats when I am done.” Michael's dad looked stunned, not only did his son just call him by his first name for the first time he had also formed a very adult sentence. Alright, he said after a pause then turned towards the sanctuary leaving Michael by the door. Ok, game time he thought as he trotted up to Mrs. Clark. “Hello, my name is Michael Ross and I would like to play with your daughter.” What a proper young boy Mrs. Clark said a bit quizzically, she wasn’t sure who’s child this was and looked around for someone looking back. “Ellory come say hello to this nice young man” she said turning to see the chair her daughter was in. She wasn’t there. Ellory’s mother spun on heel like a graceful two hundred pound ballerina. Her eyes landed on Ellory standing in the nativity scene mimicking a plastic Sheppard.  Her mother scolded her for walking off then insisted she say hello. Ellory looked upset to see her time as a part of the nativity had ended. Ellory had a pale complexion pointed face with a cleft chin and copper hair. Her brown eyes were were large and kind. Her small figure made her green dress almost reach her red Mary Jane shoes. Michael rocked back and forth nervously as Ellory walked over. “ I would like to be your friend” he said and extended his hand for a shake. “ I am sorry, I am allergic to bees, so my Mom doesn’t let me play with strangers. And all my friends ride horses, have you ever ridden a horse?” She said very matter of fact ignoring his outstretched hand. “I love horses but I have never ridden one” Michael said eager to relate. “No, all my friends ride horses. I like horses and all my friends ride them. I think we cant be friends.” She turned and trotted off straight after her plain spoken rejection. I think I need a new plan Michael thought. Michael closed his eyes tightly and started tapping behind his ears. He opened his eyes to see the off white ceiling of his college dorm. [av_button label='Next ' link='post,230' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-8laen' admin_preview_bg='']
