---
title: Part 5 - Office Hours
date: 2018-10-14
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

The small brick walled room was covered with stacks of books. Small piles of papers sat punctuated by Chaucer and Dickens, hardbacks rested on a long wooden coffee table with sticky mugs and assorted highlighters. Behind the worn couch hung a massive portrait of Charles Dickens with paper and quill in hand at a writing desk looking involved in thought. “I am sorry but I cannot do that, and I don’t think the news staff should have suggested you come collect the papers.” Professor Eddie Mcallister said as he licked his finger and turned the page of an essay. Michael was worried that the English professor may have contacts at the school news and inquire about Michael's lie. “Well, I will go back and tell them myself, to be honest I pushed for this, she was a friend of mine. I always liked her writing.” Michael sat back and narrowed his lips, the professor set his grading aside and took off his glasses, his brown eyes deep and kind offering some quiet understanding. The moment hung, voices of students passing by could be heard in the still air. The moment was broken comfortably by Eddie reaching for his tea and sipping it, closing his eyes then opening them and then nodding softly. He smiled warmly and cleared his throat “When did you meet?” Michael thought about how to answer this question, he didn’t want to be deceptive and he had met Ellory once when he was five. Mcalister's oval face bobbed back and forth slowly as Michael thought. “We met when I was about five, she liked to ride horses and we became close at a young age.” Michael felt a bit dirty, it was clear to him that the Professor had taken a genuine concern in Michaels state of mind, and Michael didn’t know her well enough to be terribly sad that she died. “I lost a daughter at about her age, drugs, she was a smart girl and liked to ride horses when she was young, well, pony's really. I miss her.” The two shared a soft smile, Michael again felt guilty, he did care for Ellory but she was a stranger to him and not his friend, she had made that clear fifteen years ago. I just want her essays he thought, he went through the motions of asking again in his head but decided to ask a different question. “Professor, I have been working on a story project, it is something I think will amaze you, and if you see it and really like it I think you should give me the essays she wrote. If you aren’t amazed, then, well you don’t have to give me her stories.” Michael said. “Well, School policy is not flexible. But I would love to see your project.” Mcalister's voice bounced playfully. The professor expected pictures glued to pages and a collection of poems, the speakers on the floor pulled quizzical look from his face as he walked around the device. It took Michael finally saying how grateful he was to have Mcallister share his project for Ellory and how it helped him cope to convince Eddie to lay on the mat on the floor. The needles on the gauge jumped and it caused the professor to look up at Michael frightened by the speakers popping to life. A small sound followed like a low note in an auditorium echoing and building. Michael turned the knobs to find the right frequency, he decided to use the christmas settings, to find a memory of similar importance and volume. The professor closed his eyes, he began to feel itchy and opened his eyes to blackness. Eddie popped up out of the pile of leaves and saw Sofie trotting around the pile and said “Not yet Daddy! You didn’t count long enough.” Slowly he crawled through the leaf pile towards his young daughter and then scooped her into his arms. He started to cry and held her head next to his. “Its ok Daddy… Its ok” She said. He looked into her copper eyes and Eddie laughed at her look of confusion and concern. She smiled, happy to see him no longer crying. The room started to come back, the beige ceiling slowly drifted into focus. And the professor sat up. [av_button label='Next' link='post,280' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-6ww2n' admin_preview_bg='']
