
---
title: Part 10 - Biscuits
date: 2018-12-09
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Present Day Waffle House - “Well what’s next?” Professor Mcallister said sipping his black coffee. Michael starred for a moment then shrugged “I haven’t figured that out yet.” he said. “I am sorely disappointed in your lack of forethought into this endeavour. Without aggrandising unnecessarily you arguably have more power than anyone in history and you haven’t thought past this conversation.” The professor leaned back analyzing Michaels face to try to see how he was taking what was being said.  “I went through at least twenty different scenarios of alerting some kind of authority, I was close, I mean I called the police but hung up because I … well lets just say I do think there are worse ways to use your machine. That said, I like your motives, I don’t fully understand them but they seem well placed.” Eddie nodded gently but then narrowed his eyes intently. “I do not, however like your reckless lack of any type of plan.” Michael seized the opportunity and interrupted “Well help me then! You know I need it, let’s together think of a way to use this.” Eddie rubbed his thumb and index finger together deliberating. “I don’t know that there is a right way to do what you want to do.” He leaned back in the booth deflated. “I am going to do it anyway, help me think of the best way.” Michael said loudly at first but then quieted as a middle aged waitress with blonde hair and a thin face came to ask if they needed anything. Both politely shook their heads and said thank you in a kind, rehearsed, platitude. “I don’t really have ‘no plan’, just not a specific plan really.” Michael said coyly watching as the waitress walked out for a smoke break. “Go on then, tell me what you have so far” The professor took out his notepad and a number two pencil, moved the syrup covered plate and looked up. “Well, again, it’s not flushed out” The professor chortled sarcastically, Michael continued “She needed someone to be there for her when she was dying and I can go back and be that someone. So basically I will go back learn about her and become her friend.” Michael stopped as the professor scribbled more on his notepad and looked up expecting Michael to continue. “That’s it!?” Eddie exclaimed. “Well I did say it needed to be flushed out. I don’t have all the answers.” Eddie’s eyes bulged “Ok listen, there are uncountable number of things to think about, a few of which are plain to me. What will happen as you change the past? Will your memories change? Can you relive a whole life in that machine? What about a ripple effect? How are you affecting people around you? How will you be altered? What if you die?” Michael nodded along thinking a bit before responding. “Some of those are easy, the machine causes people to experience time in the same rate here and in the past. An hour here, an hour in the past. I am not really worried about ripples, no more than I worry about ripples here and now, after all this could be the past and whats the difference between ordering french toast or biscuits? My memories change a bit but slowly, sort of fading and coming into focus, that is kind of how they felt before. People around me aren’t going to be too altered-- I am not Ghandi. I think the risk of dying should be lower in the past after all I experience, today is completely unknown, the past seems safer in that regard. And, without being too forward, that slightly offended face cannot hide your exhilaration.” Eddie scowled, but Michael continued. “I think you will help me, how many days has it been since you had a conversation so memorable? You teach about stories with salience and meaning but a comfortable life must be at least partially devoid of the feeling that our actions have impact.” Eddie relented “ I will help you, but not because you are right about me, but because you are arrogant and I am afraid of what you will do without being grounded by someone.” Michael smirked “ I still think I am right, and I am glad you are going to help me!” Eddie rolled his eyes and shook his head. [av_button label='Next' link='post,366' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-pmcj' admin_preview_bg='']
