---
title: "Part 6 - Salt And Pepper"
date: 2018-10-21
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Uncategorized', 'Coley Angel']
---

“Why did you do that to me?” The professor peered past the glasses resting on the bridge of his nose. Michael wasn’t sure what to say and he knew the Eddie had more on his mind so he stared back across the table stacked with Ellory’s papers and breakfast food. “If that really was real, like you say, then I am very uncomfortable. I have come to terms with the solid nature of the past, I am comfortable with the idea that I can’t change it. It took me years to get to this, so many emotional lessons and late nights and all the group therapy.” Michael swallowed hard and adjusted in the booth. The professor pulled his sleeves past his elbows and pointed an ink stained index finger at Michael “You have no idea, and no right to take the past from me. What do you want me to do? Relive all my mistakes!” Michael picked up his Styrofoam coffee as a kind of shield and took a sip. The waitress came by and asked if they needed anything else while clearing the plates of sticky syrup and half eaten biscuits. Eddie shook his head and Michael mouthed the word no while examining the cardboard sleeve on his coffee. Only two other tables were occupied in the Waffle House, a group of intoxicated students and a table of worn out truckers. When the waitress walked back behind the counter Eddie looked back to Michael and waited. “I am sorry,” Michael said as he set his cup down and looked intently at the old professor, “I didn’t think it would bother you, I thought you would like to see her again.” “Of course I liked it!” Eddie interjected “ But what do I do with that?!” Eddie raised his eyebrows. “Well, pick one thing” Michael started timidly, beginning the sentence without knowing how it would end. “One thing that you wish you could change. Just one. I thought about different things when I started that I could change, like becoming the best investor ever or a psychic to mess with people.” Michael tried to add some jest to lighten the mood but Eddie’s face kept the same intent narrowed eye look. “So pick one. I am starting with Ellory. A friendship, getting to know her.” Eddie sat back, chortled a bit, and crossed his arms. “You haven’t thought this through at all. You have the ability to go back and do something not even the most brilliant man or richest man can do. But you haven’t thought about the consequence, you are like a kid who found a cosmic power tool.” Eddie reached over and slid the glass salt and pepper shaker in front of him. “Have you ever heard of ‘opportunity cost’?” Michael shook his head, no. “Ok, so let’s start with opportunity” The professor held out the pepper shaker in his left palm. “Opportunity is what you want to do, right? Right. And the cost--” The professor held out the salt shaker in his right palm to make a scale with his hands. “This cost, is how much the achievement will cost you. So even something you might call good, like making a large amount of money, has cost. In an extreme case, it may be that you start to prioritize money over loved ones, or a more complex cost could be what you don’t realize, learn or act on because of your money. People make this judgement all the time but the scale is somewhere in their heads. Fortunately people don’t get to physically live out the “what if’s”, which is another can of worms you have cracked open. Both the action and, importantly, the cost of the achievement play a big part of who we are. And you…”  Eddie paused and shook his head, spitting a short laugh in disbelief “You want to go back but you haven’t thought about what it will cost you.” Michael watched as the professor got up, threw down a bill and walked out the door. He slurped his coffee and looked over at the table of drunk kids flicking paper wrappers at each other. He exhaled shortly, gathered Ellory’s papers and started back to his dorm with lots to think about while he read. [av_button label='Next' link='post,302' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-a5uqo' admin_preview_bg='']
