---
title: Part: 1 - The cognition wire
date: 2018-09-30
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

The bass rattled the windows and pens danced on the nearby dorm desk to the tune of this inaudible field of sound. Michael twisted the knob and the lights started to flicker and the strong smell of cinnamon filled the air. Before him the shape of a christmas tree and the sound of a smoke alarm beeping. Michael exhaled sharply, twisted the knob to turn off the device and blinked his eyes sitting up. I got it, he said looking amazed. I suppose you may want to hear about the machine before you that made this commotion, but honestly the technical description is kind of boring. It’s a bunch of floor speakers and a custom ultra precise mixing board. I think you would like a analogy better, one that will take you past the physical components and closer to the purpose of this device. You know that feeling when someone jumps from behind something and you freeze. In that moment something deep inside reacts before you can and your hair stands on end and you can hear your heartbeat rushing in your ears. Well that sound of your heartbeat is always present like a metronome in your head. You don’t hear it consciously because that would drive you crazy. But some part of you always listens to your heart thumping. When your heartbeat goes up your sense of time slows, when it falls the seconds stretch. The machine is like a radio for consciousness using your heartbeat. So this device is like matching consciousness to sound, well maybe more accurately a vibration, something like that. Getting the right landing point is hard, you need the right pitch, tempo and tune. Most of all you need a strong sensory memory that you can dial in like a radio station coming in clear amongst the fuzz of forgotten days. Michael chose the christmas eve when his mother burnt the hell out of cinnamon snickerdoodles. He remembered it well because smoke billowed out of the oven and the whole house smelt like the armpit of the pillsbury doughboy. He was six that christmas eve, and he knew she lived only two miles away and would probably be going to church that night. I will go straight up to her, she will probably be with her parents, and ask her to be my friend, that’s what a kid would do Michael thought. He lay down in the middle of the speakers and closed his eyes and out stretched his hand to flip the switch. The low rumble began and he turned the device to 48 A/H. He focused on his breathing trying to relax and smell the cinnamon, he began to smell the smoke, and then he could taste it. He sat up coughing and rubbed his eyes. He wacked himself in the face and looked down to see small clumsy hands. He laughed and looked down to see Maui, the long dead family dog nudging his leg looking expectant. Hi Maui he said grinning. [av_button label='Next' link='post,125' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-9yyxh' admin_preview_bg='']
