
---
title: Part: 4 - Park Stories
date: 2018-10-02
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

He pulled on a gray t-shirt and walked outside. The wind was blowing the tops of the trees and the spanish moss clung to the branches as the gust swept them out and up. Moonlight peared through the lush treetops in radiant silver light. Michael wobbled a bit as he walked towards brick streets, he touched his fingers one at a time to his thumb assessing his dexterity. He could still hear the carols and commotion of the crowded church at christmas in his head. Dark blue clouds with silver crusts raced above him, and he wasn’t sure where he intended to go, he just felt the need to be somewhere. “Hey, where ya going?” A voice called from behind him, Jay trotted down the stairs of the library, probably kicked out for being too loud and annoying studying students.”Hey Jay, nice jacket.” “Thanks man I think it compliments my hat” He leaned his head showing off his trademark fedora. “I think it does too” Michael said with exceptional effort to mask any tone that should rightfully be present when complimenting a fedora. “Wanna walk to the park with me?” Michael suggested knowing that Jay was gonna walk with him anyway. “Sure, you know I was just thinking about you, and what happened and I wanna ask you if you are all good buddy?  Michael said I am ok and thanked him for asking and Jay continued placing his hands on the outside collar of his black denim sport coat “I think you should write about it, or maybe you could do a play about it?” Michael nodded politely, and knew Jay was about to turn the conversation towards theater and decided to oblige his friend with a question. “Let's say there was a play, and you may now of one already, that doesn’t go in order. How would you have two characters meet?” Jays face lit up with the challenge and he put up a dramatic finger and turned his head up and away from Michael like a form of prayer to the gods of theater. “ Ok I got it- you ready?” “Go for it” Michael leaned back resting his arms over the park bench. Jay began and continued breathlessly for twenty minutes about fathers and a guy who is told he has to be a banker in London while Michael drifted off thinking about Ellory, his young parents and the terrible christmas song about shoes. Jay grinned reveling in the participation of his audience as Michael snapped back happy to see his looks of pondering made it look like he was really paying attention. Jay  shouted in an British accent “I mussn’t wait any longer for my papa to see me, for I am not businessman” With a swift motion Jay grabs his hat and pulls it swiftly off his head and holds it in a closed fist. “I am a thespian, a bard, and a fool and you will never withdraw from the account of my soul papa”  Jay jumped up and threw his hat into the air. The wind caught the hat and carried a ways. Enjoying the silence he set after, Michael thought about what to try next as he watched his friend chase his hat down to the edge of the pond. Maybe I should read her writing he thought, people can reveal more than they intend. He gave a thumbs up to Jay as he rung out his cloth cap. [av_button label='Next' link='post,255' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-9nodq' admin_preview_bg='']
