
---
title: Part 9 - Improv
date: 2018-11-19
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Tiny Allison giggled into her small pale hands. Ellory started packing her chips back into her lunch bag. Michael noticed that an uncomfortable amount of time had passed. He didn’t know how to follow up his invite and he regretted asking. Playing the moment back in his head he cringed. “I remember when you were young you told me you loved horses and that's all I really know about you.” Michael said. Ellory looked at his confused expression and asked “Is this like some sort of dare? Did Sean tell you to do this? This is a weird prank. I don’t remember telling you I liked horses and I don’t like them anymore. Well I haven’t really thought about it… Horses are alright, but no I don’t want to ride one.” Tiny Allsion collected her things and stood up to leave, she was the same height standing as she was sitting, she murmured quietly asking to squeeze by Michael on the bench. “What do you like?” Michael said to Ellory ignoring Allisons small hands signaling. “You sit two rows behind me in English and you never talked to me, even when we had a group project on Chaucer.” Ellory’s tone was one of confusion, after all the school year was close to being done. Allison started to try to squeeze behind Michael and Zeb, a huge ginger kid sitting behind Michael. “Will you let her out!?” Ellory said gesturing towards Allison who half bowed as she walked by crouched over her lunchbox. Michael said sorry and Ellory looked at him quizzically. “How do I know you aren’t being weird or just asking for a dare?” Ellory said looking at Michaels face intently try to decide if she trusted it. “What is the function of a friend?” Ellory asked. This seemed like an odd thing to say Michael thought; Ellory was trying to determine his motives and determine if he had anything worth hearing. “Well a friend is a person you do things with because you share common interests.” Michael nodded his head looking for confirmation he had said the right thing. “Right, ok, but why now?” Ellory said as she slurped the last bit of orange juice from the plastic bottle. “Well we are both going to State! It will be good to know someone going in.” Michael mentally high fived himself, that was the right thing to say, not weird or creepy. “Your going to state? How did you know I am going to State? I didn’t tell anyone cause well, Allison didn’t get in, and I didn’t wanna make her feel bad.” Elloy lowered her voice and leaned in looking at Allison who was trying to get the attention of a teacher but was being ignored. Crap think fast Michael, although the truth is safely behind a wall of absurdity he still needed a normalish answer. “I just heard it around” he said cooly. “Right” Ellory nodded her head trying to remember if she had told anyone at all. She couldn’t remember, she may have told Mrs. Henderson. “I like theatre, art, movies, sci-fi, good smelling things like candles, cooking, rain, the backstreet boys and photography.” Ellory listed the items on her fingers like they were written somewhere in that order, they were, her diary page 68 volume 8. “Ok, awesome, good list. Good start to this friendship” Michael said beaming at his breakthrough. “I have drama at three thirty, its improv day if you wanna check it out?” Ellory said matter a factly. “I will be there!” Michael said just as the bell rang. Ellory stood and collected her things and gave Michael an awkward smile as she turned to leave. “ See ya later!” Michael said excitedly, Ellory turned her head and waved. Sean came up and shoved and headphone into Michael’s ear. “Dude listen to this wicked remix I made” Michael turned and tapped on his forehead just so to desynchronize from the past and leave his younger self to the unwelcome auditory experience. [av_button label='Next' link='post,363' link_target='' size='small' position='center' label_display='' icon_select='yes-right-icon' icon='ue889' font='entypo-fontello' color='dark' custom_bg='#444444' custom_font='#ffffff' av_uid='av-840ls' admin_preview_bg='']
