---
title: "Proposals"
date: 2020-09-22
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Bad plays are a dime a dozen. Ellory had contributed to the pile throughout the years and sometimes in moments of inspiration would produce pages of scripts. Michael wasn’t usually good at masking his expressions so when E started talking about the Middletons, an upstart english family of all girls and the subject of most of the plays she wrote Michael had to avoid making funny faces. Elliandor, the oldest daughter of eight girls, is an independent free thinking woman and has a pension for exclaiming “Not I”. Ellory often quoted Elliandor, she would put her hand on her forehead and lean against a wall and say “Not I” in what resembled some accent.  Michael adopted a flat affect while listening to Ellory’s stories. The stone faced approach allowed Michael a few moments to select the emotion he should display, and filter out the others. Michael often felt he should devote more time to slowing time, it too often felt like he was plopped into one place or another in a sprint, like he was a newborn giraffe fleeing lions. The emotional exhaustion is really something to consider when one spends all their waking moments in known important and emotionally consequential times. One hallmark of all the Middleton stories were the proposals, if all currently written plays are considered canon, Elliandor, has been proposed to eleven times, and said yes eight of those times. “So get this, I was thinking about what’s going to happen with Zechery and Elliandor.” Ellory said reaching for her blue spiral bound notebook. Michael had been somewhere so terribly familiar he had gotten stuck in a wonderfly sticky memory. He was scraping himself free of the never ending moments of his four year old self's happy birthday song sung to him by his grandparents while eyeing a white cream cheese frosting cake. “So Zechary surprises Elliandor on the rooftop and says” Ellory said, plunking her ink pen on Michael’s forehead playfully but still a bit too hard. Michael arrived blinking. “Will you marry me?” Ellory said, penning the question. “Yes?” Michael answered without thinking. Ellory held up a finger gesturing to hold as she tried to figure out what happened next. Michael saw the blue notebook, thought about the proposal he had just accepted and he knew exactly the conversation he was in. He made a mental note to prepare in case someone proposed to him unexpectedly, there were too many things he would say yes to if someone asked quickly or he didn’t completely hear the question. “I think Elliandor and Rhoman should get together.” Michael said, bringing up an unwritten story arch. Ellory looked up and stuck her pen in her mouth. Michael thought about the many stories Ellory wrote leading the humble Butler’s son and Elliandor together. They slowly went from hating each other to ‘bumping bonnets’ over so many carriage rides and garden stroll run-ins. “Yeah, that is a little contrived. I just think the Butler and the oldest daughter is a cookie cutter sort of thing. Plus she hates him, and I would have to unwrite all those times she talks about how dumb he is.” Ellory retorted critically of Michaels synopsis of her once favorite future Mr. Elliandor Middleton. Michael, went a bit cross eyed considering the chunk of memories he had of listening blankly to ‘the three weddings’ a story in which Elliandor and Rhoman were married three separate times due to something about leap year and tradition. Those were some of my favorites he thought. A novel worth “yes maddams” and “wait there is something I have to tell you”s was just severed like an iceberg from a glacier floating around in Michaels mind until it would slowly melt away. “He proposes and guess what she says?” Ellory said eyes beaming. Michael nervously knocked down real options in his head, forgetting he could just say ‘what’. He would be damned if he clumsily suggested away something as important as the saga of Mr. Suttons marriage to young naive Ennia or Dotty the cooks learning to dance again after a brief but heart wrenching paralysis. “She said … nothing?” Michael said anxiously at first but then confident on second inspection, Elliandor was not the type to say nothing, especially when proposed to. “No, she says” Ellory moved into position pressing herself against the wall. “Not I”
