---
title: "SS Puppy"
date: 2019-09-18
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Tree’s mark time in an agreeable manner. Unlike people who mark time in a startling and often unsettling way. It is one thing to get older, it is another entirely for loved ones to do it. Worst still for them to hide for a few years and transform secretly. Age is nice when you are young, each year is a cascade of new things each year with new abilities, it would be nice if others would stay fixed as we grow. Green leafs grow higher each year supported by thicker sturdier trunks. That is more nice, I think. Michael thought looking out on a huge pin oak shadowing a playground. Tree’s passed out the window of our navy mini van coming home from a long day. Michael stared out the window as the sun warmed the glass on our passage through a seemingly never ending parking lot thinking as the rolled. Up and then down I jostled as the wheels mounted and fell over the bright yellow speed bump. Coffee and nail polsih filled my nose. I held my breath and counted, only taking breaths through my mouth every twentieth second or so. A breeze met my face as my mother mercifully rolled down the window to let out the thick scent. I stopped counting and let out a sigh of relief. A thought meandered pleasantly by like a neighbor saying hello. “What would I do when I get home?” Hmm, I waived at the idea of playing in the treehouse. I saluted the notion of biking down the big hill. Finally I met the plan to swing high on the rope swing I built. That was good, I am happy to great that idea and follow it a ways. I picture a ship flying through the air with me at the helm dodging tree tops and evading hungry air wolves. Thump and bump breaks me out of the chase for a brief moment as the tires climb and descend another yellow speedbump. A gaggle of geese block the road and the van’s exit of the vast lot is temporarily blocked. My neck cranes as I look over the seat to see small baby geese waddle and hop onto a concrete median. My mother thumped her fingers heavily on the wheel, I don’t know why. As the last tiny webbed foot clears our path the van hums and chugs forward. I feel my chest rise as we ascend. From my perch I can see the geeselings hop into the pond one by one. The neighborly thought comes knocking again and I hold my nose and plunge back under huge billowy sails a mile high. The van reaches the peak of the hill and my chest descends. My ship figurehead faces down flies towards the earth below, but I stand gripping the wheel unflinching as my crew, captain puppy and first mate kitty grab the railing and look to me with absolute confidence. The tiny square of farmed fields get larger and the whoosh of air is intense. I laugh this is just like all the times before, me and my shipmates do this everyday. Finally the grains of the plants can be seen swaying as the shadow of my 18th century flying machine nears the earth. All at once I lean back release the halberd line, turn the tackles and pull firmly back on the ships wheel. Phooosh, where there was dark brown fields at the front of the ship now bright sea of blue sky and thick white clouds could be seen as the ship pulled up. The ships whishes through the field inches above the ground cutting through the grain. Captain puts a hand on my shoulder and we laugh, he never doubted me for a second. A light turns from a dark yellow to red and the van stops. Again I look up to see my mother thumping the wheel. I can’t wait to go play. I feel the smallness of myself, and the immenseness of time rolling out before me. Tap Tap. Michael smiled. He sat up from in between the speakers on his dorm room floor and slid the intensity scale knobs back to their off position. He liked that one very much. “88.345 Mhz with coffee and nailpolish, getting more accurate in moment targeting” He wrote. He felt a paw on his shoulder closed his eyes and got back on the ship.
