---
title: 'The common folk'
date: 2019-09-04
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Coley Angel']
---

In a dusty town hall an alarm beeps in a supply closet. A thin woman reaches over slowly and taps the off button. She was standing staring at a poster for a play, our town which had been put on ten years earlier. She shook back and forth quickly twisting her body removing the weeks worth of dust that had accumulated on the plain brown dress that draped her thing frame. Her hands moved her cheeks moving her face as if to position it. She grabbed her school briefcase and a plastic apple and slowly opened the door. It was still dark and the town hall was empty. Emilee moved between the wooden folding chairs and paper cups with remnants of coffee. For a minute she looked out the window observing the still town with its homes and businesses outlined in grayish black. “Why would anyone like this place?” She said in a slow whisper. “B’Cuz ah da bridges imma put right on the hiweighs” Said a gruff voice. Emilee turned to see a short stocky man crawling from beneath the wooden stairs. “Grenjamin, I didn't know we would be seeing you this fall. You mean to say repairing I assume. You can’t mean on highway ten, that would lead out of town. No way he would give money for a road out of town.” Emilee said sharply, her tone both corrective and absolute. “Das whad I bin told sista, and I am gonna make duh finest” Grenjamin pulled a thick cigar out of his overall pockets and sank it clumsily into his mouth. “Bridges, he told me to make the ones last a long ways, a hundeh years he says to me. I says alright mista, I can do it.” Grenjamin said straightening out his back. Gren patted his back side pockets then his front then looked to Emilee and stuck his finger out. Emilee sighed and stuck her finger out like Gren and a green flame puffed out of the end of her finger. “I am happy you have something you are excited about Gren. You had best get to it, I have my work to see to as well.” Emilee straightened Grens overalls and then opened the door. Emilee saw Grichael coming out of a man hole, yawing and holding a lit cigarette on the end of his lips. “Have a productive day Gri” Emilee said walking by as the even shorter and stalkier man recovered the manhole. “Thanksya, you know who got us somthin good! And Emilee you must’ve been growin agin, you should trim down sum” Gri said whipping something unspeakable off his white undershirt. “Thank you for sharing, Grenjamin neglected to tell me as much.” Emilee said stopping showing her profile to Grichael. Loud snaps like twigs being broken in two could be heard one after the other. Emilee dropped two inches. “Theres ya go!” Gri said. Ya do your good stuff Emilee, we are all still workin here cuzza you.” Emilee reached up and pushed her cheeks up a tiny bit making the smallest of smiles on her pale plain face. Then a moment later she pushed her cheeks back down into a flat affect. “That was a kind thing to say.” E said flatly. “I am going to go now, starting my favorite project today. Mayors of Pleasant Valley.” Emilee nodded shortly and turned to walk towards the school.
