---
title: 'The house that Jack Built'
date: 2021-12-06
tags: ['The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

Jack was in insurance and he looked like it. His frame was narrow, his face was framed by gold wire glasses that sat atop a pointed nose and his hair was neat and trim balding at the top. He looked severe and serious and he could pull the laughter out of the air with terse remarks and often did. The kitchen was his, though Michael could easily have believed he only ate the little circles of paper left behind from his three hole punch. Every utensil matched and aligned the wall on unfashionable hooks surrounding a old plain and perfectly clean stove. The room was all white and the counters pale gray, a crumb or speck of food could not hide. Margret had the dining room and it was inverse the kitchen, ornate messy and disorganized. Boxes of magazines covered the table and the room was painted a dark green. The light in the room was a chandelier and was always set to a dim glow. There was a window, but whatever chance sunlight had to brighten the room was stymied by thick ornate purple curtains. It was here Michael saw Margret spending most of here time. She pulled the telephone of the wall and chatted with her sister at the table while thumbing through magazines. Apparently the same ones here sister was looking at because she frequently said "what do you think about page 42?" Or "I think mama would like him he looks kind". Margret spoke in a whisper and seemed meek even to, what was he now? Nine year old. Like he could walk in and tell her to wash his clothes and not out of kindness but obedience she would capitulate. When she wasn't looking through magazines she would come and sit with Ellory and Michael while they played. Most times she didn't join in, she would come and hug Ellory and kiss her forehead three times then go and sit and watch. "That's very nice" she would say as Michael Ellory and Lily, a little girl who was Ellory neighbor, played house or sailed an imaginary ship. Jack sometimes strode through playtime murmuring and head down. Going back, Jack scared Michael more than he did when he was a kid. This time the fear was of being him, pushing past things worth revisiting.
