---
title: "The Mayor"
date: 2020-03-11
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Corruption is a strong word. Too strong really for what happened in the race for mayor. In fact one could argue that it was barely corruption. In fact, one could argue the town’s election laws were poorly written and this minor incident of wide spread voter fraud was a good thing for showing those legal flaws. In fact, perhaps the town owes a debt of gratitude to the incumbent mayor for his creative ballot counting method... — Pineallis P. Rutherford, Mayor (Incumbent) writing as Don Ju-wan (Opinion Editor, Sky Blue Sun newspaper) “I am telling you it is voter fraud!  Ballot box stuffing!” Ernie Smith yelled.  He slammed his fist down on the Council table.  Ernie turned a baleful eye on the assembled crowd. “No one is disputing a few irregularities, Ernie,” Mayor Rutherford said, flashing a set of perfectly straight, brilliant white teeth. “One hundred percent of the vote?” Ernie spat. “Maybe you filled out your own ballot sheet wrong, Ernie,” Sheila Moor offered.  She was an At-Large-Council member.  She was beholden to no specific constituency so she felt the need to act as the peacemaker.  Usually there was no need for one—the town practically ran itself—so she was relishing this opportunity to actually make peace. “And my wife?” Ernie asked. Rutherford propped a pair of dirty cowboy boots onto the table. The boots clashed slightly with his bath robe. “Sounds like an issue at home.” Ernie Smith took three long, deep breaths. “Yes, dead 5 years now, yet,” he held up a sheet of paper and flapped it at the assembled audience, “here is her vote filled out for Pineallis and dated for yesterday.” A few council members looked around the room uncomfortably, but most just nodded their head. “Who can know the mind of the dead,” Rutherford said sympathetically. He reached forward and flicked some manure off the toe of one of his boots.  It landed in the center of the table. “Pre-dead,” Councilman Faldo said. “I think the correct term is ‘pre-dead’.” Rachel Caldwell, another council member, rolled her eyes. “We are all pre-dead, Chester. “And in this town by God we count every vote, pre-dead or post-dead.  Even dead-head,” Rutherford said.  He chuckled at his own joke.  “Did you write that down?” He asked the council secretary. Millie Newberry looked up from a scattered pile of papers, pens and sticky notes.  “Write what down?” Rutherford scowled at her. “Can someone make a motion to write that down in the record?  What I said.” “Stop trying to change the subject, Pineallis,” Ernie said.  He turned to the crowd.  “How many people in here voted for Rutherford?” No one in the crowd raised a hand. A few people craned their heads to see if anyone raised their hand at all. “Well, there you have it, Ernie,” Rutherford said. He flashed his smile again. “Have what!!?” Ernie said.  “No one voted for you.” Rutherford stood up and grabbed the gavel. “This isn’t communist Russia! We vote by secret ballot for a reason.  To defend liberty and justice for all.” Councilman Faldo nodded vigorously.  “I motion we make a motion to not use communist voting.” “Second,” someone yelled from the audience chamber. “You can’t second, Milo!” Ernie said.  “You have to be on the council.” “We are motioning for Milo to be on the council?” Millie asked, scribbling furiously. “No!” Ernie Smith said.  He yanked at the few strands of hair that clung to his mostly bald head. “All in favor?” Rutherford asked. He stuck the gavel. “Sold! Election results are ratified.” “Is ‘ratified’ one word or two?” Millie, the council secretary asked as Ernie Smith stormed out of the hall, muttering. “And take your commie votes with you,” someone from the crowd yelled at Ernie’s back. “Fine, fine. Fine work,” Rutherford said. He banged the gavel again for good measure. Then again. “Let’s break for lunch.”
