---
title: "The Bottom of the Lake 2.4"
date: 2018-12-15
tags: ['The Bottom of the Lake', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

The woman slowly walked around them.  "Everyone comes to watch, but eventually they want to play."  She completed her circuit but remained standing with her profile to them.  After a moment, Harry noticed the subtle makeup she was using to make the left side of her face, the side she was showing, more masculine.  The woman turned to face them again.  Though subtly applied Harry could clearly see the contrast now that he was looking for it. "So," she said again, letting the words draw out, "here to play or to watch?" "I suppose that depends on which are you doing?" Doyle asked, laughing.  Harry could tell his friend was nervous by the way Doyle had retreated to his "womanizer" routine.  The woman gave a half-smirk--feminine side of her face, Harry noted.  Doyle can feel something wrong, Harry thought, he doesn't know whether to treat her like a man and therefore adversary or a woman and therefore a challenge. Harry cleared his throat.  "He is watching and I am playing." The woman's half smirk became a full smile.  "Excellent.  May I take your coats, gentlemen?" Doyle removed his coat and handed it to the woman, but Harry held up a hand.   "I am quite comfortable.  Thank you," he said. The woman left her hand outstretched where she had draped Doyle's coat over it.  "Players do not wear coats, sir." Harry crossed his arms.  “I have a number of trinkets in these pockets that I do not want to lose track of in your fine establishment?” Doyle put a hand on Harry's shoulder.  "Harry, here is a non-believer.  In male nudity."  He smiled.  "Cannot stand the thought of it.  Especially his own.  He has four shirts on under this coat." The woman looked back and forth between the two men.  All humor was gone from face now.  "Gentlemen, perhaps--" "It's all right, Greta," a voice said from the next room.  "Let him keep his coat." The woman stepped to the side and gestured for them to enter the adjoining room.  "Please step this way." Doyle gave the woman a wink and gently guided Harry forward. The next room held a large circular table.  A few people in evening wear stood clustered around it, sipping on liquor or champagne.  Harry started to step toward the table but Doyle tightened his grip.   "Give it a chance at least, Harry.  Please." Harry wrestled free from Doyle's grasp and stepped up to the table.  He stared at it intently. "S'real," said a man as he partially stumbled up beside Harry.  He put an arm around Harry and conspiratorially whispered, half spluttered into Harry's ear.  "S'real!" he said again.  "Let you check under the table and whoever, and, who, and, and what--whatever you want."  He crouched slightly so he could wave a leg under the table.  He pulled Harry down with him slightly, threatening to topple them both.  "Look!  Look!  No wires!" Strong hands grabbed the drunk man's and pulled them up.  "There where are," said Doyle, his grip tightening painfully on the drunk man's shoulder.  "Upsy-daisy, you two cynics." "No wires," the man said.  Doyle released the man.  "Look!" the man started to drop down, but Doyle steadied him and then whispered something quietly in his ear.  The color drained from the man's face and he appeared to sober slightly.  He looked into Doyle's eyes and then retreated back toward another part of the room. "What did you tell him?" Harry asked.  He put a fingertip on the table and pushed down slightly, testing it. Doyle grabbed a champagne and a whiskey from a serving girl with a tray walking by.  She was clearly feminine and her dress was designed to accentuate that fact.  "I told him you were the famous magician Harry Houdini," Doyle said absently, staring after the serving girl, watching the sway of her hips. "Why do I doubt you?" Harry said, holding his hand out for a drink. Doyle looked back at Harry and then down at the drinks.  "Did you want a drink, too?" "You doubt," said a woman's voice behind them, "because you have not Seen." Doyle and Harry turned around.  A gaunt woman in a dark satin dress stood flanked by two of her androgynous valets.  "But you shall," she added softly.  "You shall."
