---
title: The Most Interesting Man in the World
date: 2021-03-01
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

“So then I look down...” Matthew felt the diner, feeling the pulse of the attention.  He had most of them , “and it turns out...” he went on slowly. “I look down...” Matthew said.  He scanned the audiences faces, as usual they were in the palm of his hand.  “I was actually holding a tube of Crest toothpaste.”  Matthew mimed holding the toothpaste.  “In my hand.” Deep belly-ripping laughter filled the restaurant.  Even people who had been pretending to mind their own business guffawed a little.  More than one patron pounded the table. Matthew smiled and sipped at his coffee.  It tasted terrible but he did not spit it back into the cup.  Maybe it would kill the fried eggs that were currently doing a polka in his stomach. He signaled for another cup of coffee.  The waitress’s kid weaved through tables, managing not to burn anyone with the metal coffee pot. Matthew was the most interesting man in the world.  He had been for as long as people in town could remember. “What did you think of the story, Donny?” “Danny,” the kid corrected.  “Daniel, actually.  It was, ah, good.” The kid shuffled uncomfortably.  In the back a small bell rang.  Some delivery guy at the door or something. Daniel stared towards the back door, perplexed. Matthew looked closer at the kid.  “Something on your mind...Danny?” Matthew sighed.  He was sure he done this for this kid before but what the hey.  Matthew snatched a pen out of the kid’s apron.  He pulled a napkin from underneath his coffee cup. He started to write, dictating as he did. “Dear...pay attention, kid.  This is the most important day of your life.  Dear...” “Daniel?” The kid offered hesitantly. “Yep,” Matthew said, turning back the napkin.  “Dear,” Matthew pointed the pen at the kid and winked, “Danny.” He started writing again.  “You’re a great kid.  All the best, your friend, Matthew Mark Luke.” Matthew finished the signature with a flourish (he had practiced that thousands of times at home) and handed the pen and the napkin to the kid. “Now don’t go bragging to your friends otherwise I’ll have to write up one for each of them.” Daniel looked down at the napkin then towards the back door.  “Sure,” he said, distracted. The back door bell rang again. “Maybe you ought to get that?” Matthew offered helpfully.  Daniel tossed the autographed napkin on Matthew’s table.  He set the coffee pot down on it sloshing a little coffee out. “Hey, careful!” Matthew said.  He skidded back in his booth to avoid the spill slowly inching towards him.  “Get a napkin!” Daniel looked down at the spill.  It seemed to shake his attention back to Matthew.  “Sorry,” he said, sheepishly.  “I’ll get some napkins to clean that up, Thumper.” Daniel trotted off towards the kitchen. Matthew did not move a muscle.  His smile was suddenly brittle.  Slowly, he looked around the room.  He scanned each face.  No one was looking at him.  He waited a full minute before letting go of a deep breath.
