---
title: The Bottom of the Lake 1.3
date: 2018-10-18
tags: ['The Bottom of the Lake', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

A vase hurled through the air and smashed against the giant tank. The new girl, who was already on her knees picking up pieces of a broken bottle, cringed and scurried back. She looked helplessly at Harry for a moment then crawled forward and tentatively put out a hand to snatch at one of the shards. “Leave it!” Arthur yelled and picked up another vase. The girl cringed again and scrambled backwards again. By Harry’s count his best friend had smashed four holes in the wall, broken a changing screen over his knee and smashed three, no, four vases and bottles against his tank. “Doyle, please—“ “Please? Please?” Arthur spun around and waved the vase in Harry’s face. “Why is this one important to you?” Harry considered the vase. “Yes—“ Arthur hurled the vase against the wall. Instead of smashing it bounced off. Arthur and Harry both stared at it. “Is that...?” Arthur asked, his anger forgotten. Harry walked over and picked it up. “No. Just a bad throw, I think.” He tossed it to Arthur. Arthur examined it. He rolled his throwing arm a few times and flexed his fingers. “Perhaps you are getting tired of breaking my props?” Harry ventured. Arthur looked up suddenly and threw the vase at Harry. The magician ducked and vase bounced off the wall, slid down and landed on the floor where it spun a few times. The two men stared at the vase for a moment, perplexed. “Uncanny,” Arthur said. He rocked back and forth on his feet, like a school boy; slightly excited, slightly terrified. Harry saw the girl out of the corner of his eye starting to edge towards the vase, hoping to save at least one from the Lion’s tantrum. He shook his head slightly at her. Arthur was likely done breaking Harry’s props for the night. Strange occurrences always put Arthur in a better mood. Arthur sat down at the chair in front of Harry’s makeup mirror. He sighed. “What were you thinking?! That was too long even for you and you know it.” Harry considered a flippant remark but decided against it. Arthur Doyle was usually brash, sometimes vulgar, and always in the right but he was always Harry’s dearest friend. Instead Harry searched his memory for the new girl’s name. Nothing came so instead he just motioned for the green room door. She gratefully opened it and fled. Arthur watched her go. “Bess was here tonight,” he said. No, Harry thought, Arthur is not done breaking my things after all. “Was she?” Harry stooped to pick up the unbreakable vase. “She enjoy the show?” Arthur was on him before Harry had finished standing up. His right fist slammed into Harry’s stomach and then blasted into the right side of Harry’s jaw. He fell onto the floor. Arthur stood over him with fists clenched. He put his boot beside Harry’s hand, not on it, but very close beside it. A clear message. A magician’s hands were integral for even the basest of tricks. Harry kept himself completely still, not even looking up at Arthur.
