
---
title: The list
date: 2019-07-17
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Coley Angel']
---

Rodney flicked a match, the flame flickered as it fell to the ground landing next to scattered half burnt matches. “I think TJ is the guy, he doesn’t seem capable of anything planned, I know. But let's be honest Dan, if a pack of chocolate pudding goes missing from the cafeteria, who do they blame?” Dan hesitantly lifted a finger towards Rodney. “That’s right me. And they are right to do so, I will never tell them that but we know it. Don’t we.” Rodney put his arm around Dan conspiratorially “So if someone, say a pretty young girl with a hot headed ex boyfriend goes missin?” Rodney thumped Dan’s chest to punctuate his argument.  “It has got to be him, he knocked out that kindergarten school teacher throwing that orange at Devan. Remember that, Devan threw an Orange at TJ who picked it up to throw it back and Devan ducked. Just a playful toss, knocked her out cold.” Dan grimaced thinking about the loud thwack of orange on skin. “So your theory is that TJ accidently killed Sarah with another fruit mishap?” Dan said knocking Rodney’s arm off his shoulder. “Who knows the situation, maybe he was throwing rocks at her window to win her back or whatever and let one slip?” Daniel shook his head. “Ok not exactly that but maybe he just hugged the shit out of her? He once pulled off a door handle, one of those metal ones bolted to the big school front door. The kid has weird awkward strength, but at the worst times” Rodney waited for Daniel to respond to his squished Ex theory. “Ok, so lets say he just accidentally brutalises her like a little rabbit” Daniel began but was cut off. “Wait, what? What the hell is wrong with you? Who thinks of brutalises rabbits? Creep.” Rodney interjected. “It’s from a book you were supposed to read in Sophomore English. Didn’t know you liked rabbits so much?” Dan said, Rodney furrowed his brow. “Sounds weird. And they are, well you know …. little cute furry shits. Whatever man what's your theory ” Rodney lifted his hand for Dan to proceed. “She is missing, Right? So, TJ wouldn’t have just accidentally killed her he would have had to hide her body. Also, I do want to say, Sarah could be alive. Maybe she is just running away to some estranged Aunts house or something. Or maybe she is hooked on Marijuana?” Dan said looking to his friend who was in the middle of flicking another match. “ I don’t wanna be Mr. bad news guy, but she is not alive. She has been gone, like off the grid gone for five days. She has been squished like a rabbit by a hormonally overcharged Ex. It has gotta be him. But, let’s say for ‘whodunit’ sake she is dead and we don’t know for a fact TJ offed Sarah, if we had to come up with a list of other people who do you think it could be?” Rodney said while watching a match burn down to his fingertips. “Well, just operating on the idea that she is dead, which she could totally not be, but just for conversation, I think it could have been a drifter or somethin. Sarah is, or was, super nice and if someone came up and asked her for directions she would totally have just gone with them” Dan turned to face where he had been standing “Oh you want to know where the secluded abandoned meat factory is?” Dan said imitating Sarh, he turned again. “Yes little girl guide me. Guide me…” Dan paused his imitation to gauge Rodney’s expression. “Ok, that coulda happened. I get the picture. But no one has seen any weirdo’s around, I think, in a town like this someone would have been all over a stranger after a girl goes missing” Rodney said. “Well the stranger could have come from Elling or Rocktown and just been driving through looking for someone. Sarah went missing at night, Mr. S said that sort of thing happens more often at night. She left the Pep rally around 9:15 and biked towards Jackie Hughes house. Creep coulda got her on the way.” Dan said defending his theory. “Where's the bike? Would a random creepy dude have taken the bike too? He would have had to put it precariously in his car which would be tough. Or he could have had a truck, admittedly the creep could have had a truck. But why take something that could link him to the kidnapping?” Rodney looked up at Dan who was pacing with his hands behind his back. Dan snapped and said “He didn’t, he just left it and it was stolen. I have had two bikes stolen. Or maybe he took it and hid the bike in Hall park or some other wooded area? It could be that he just took the bike and is slowly melting it down bit by bit in a kiln.” Rodney searched his backpack and pulled out a tattered piece of paper. “ Ok, I am making an official list. Top of the Murderer list goes, drumroll please, TJ. Second unknown creep from out of town. Next?” Rodney looked up for additional names to add to the list. “What I just gave the last one! It’s your turn.” Dan said. “Fine, Principle Barnes, mean, degrading, hates kids.” Rodney hissed and started to write. “What! No way, one, Principle Barnes is a nice guy you just don’t like him because he makes you pull gum out from underneath tables when you skip class. Second, he, along with like everyone at the school liked Sarah. She was never in trouble, like ever. Third the man is almost eighty uses a cane. Finally he was at the pep Rally sleeping next to coach until the teachers woke him up to go home.” Dan listed his points on his fingers as we went. “Well he could have had help, what about Vice Principle Spike? Or Mrs. Guthrie” Rodney gritted his teeth. He scribbled so forcefully he broke the lead of the pencil.
