---
title: 'The Bottom of the Lake - 1.2'
date: 2018-10-08
tags: ['The Bottom of the Lake', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

“Ah,” Arthur said. He pulled his chain pocket watch out and stared at it. “Cutting it a bit close, he is.” “Is he?” Bess stared hard at the side of the tank, counting. She listened for the tap from inside. She was too far away to hear it she knew. On stage the new girl was looking down now at the tank. Bess knew she had found the switch and was trying to decide if she should step on it. If she did a door would open the water would come crashing out, draining all over the stage. Bess had never used it live but had tested it often enough during practice. It could be embarrassing and Harry would probably fire the girl, but he would not be dead. When the tap came it was not soft. It was a loud clang. The girl started and took a step back from the tank. The clang came again and Arthur jumped to his feet. He was about to charge the stage when the girl darted toward the tank and turned the wheel to open the hatch. It flew open immediately and Harry’s head thrust out. He took in an enormous gulp of air and then another. Bess realized she was on her feet also. She looked around; some of the audience was but more were still in their chairs, staring at the tank with rapt attention. Harry’s eyes opened and he stared out into the audience, trying to scan the faces. He looked sad. Bess knew he could not see her through the footlights but she still slipped slightly behind Arthur. After a moment, Harry’s face took on a sheepish grin. Bess recognized the face since she had watched him practice it in the mirror for hours. The Performer was back, his mask firmly in place. “Terribly sorry,” Harry said. “Had a bit of a nap. Sleep is very important for the constitution, you know.” The audience laughed though there was a slight tinge of nervousness to it. Harry’s new assistant reached forward to help him out of the tank. The chains were gone but he held a lock in one hand and he handed it to her. While he was turned away from her side of the audience, Bess slipped quietly down the row of seats and up the aisle. Arthur, she knew, would be making his way to back stage, most likely to berate Harry for letting the trick go on so long or maybe just to open a few bottles of champagne and hit the town. One could never tell with Arthur where his emotions would end up. Bess heard the audience clapping behind her as she passed through the auditorium doors and into the lobby. “Not a show for the faint of heart, is it, ma’am,” someone said. She looked up to see a doorman, smiling at her. He opened the door and signaled one of the waiting cabs forward. She let him help her into the cab and gave him a smile. She was still a beautiful woman and he perked up slightly. He closed the door and she leaned back into the seat. The Performer was back, her mask firmly in place. “No,” she said, as the cab drove off. “It’s not for the faint of mind either.”
