---
title: "The Time Capsule"
date: 2020-12-30
tags: ['Hidden Intelligence', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Calowyn shrimped her way out from under the Executor’s limp form.  Like an inch worm she pushed, shoved and slid until she was free enough to let him fall completely to the ground beside her.  Her entire front was slick in the man’s blood.  She was too tired to wipe it away. Out of habit she rifled the man’s pockets.  An Old World keycard was in one.  A few clips for his pistol in the other.  Various knives and other assorted goodies that Calowyn stayed carefully away from. This one seems like the type to want to take someone with him on the way down , she thought. There was blood on her hands and she slipped slightly as she came down.  For a moment Calowyn just stared at the destruction around her.  So much.  Too much.  She spotted the cylindrical time capsule.  In the fight it must have gotten kicked around the room. A sudden, irrational desire to see what was in that capsule hit her.  Why did so many have to die to stop this thing from coming?  What could Old Earth have cooked up for her colonies that had scared the higher ups? Calowyn hesitated then climbed over the Executor’s back.  Even now some distant part of her calculated and inform her of the deceased approximate time of death: 2-25 minutes. No kidding, Sherlock , Calowyn thought. We were there. We did it, said another voice. Calowyn drug herself forward until she was alongside it.  In the pale flashing emergency lights it looks somehow sinister.  What was she going to unleash?  Sickness, disease, a time bomb? That would be just her luck. Calowyn triggered her mask and gloves automatically.  Then she placed a hand on the operation panel cover and pressed.  It retracted slowly, with difficulty.  Some microscopic space dust that had accumulated over the century spilled off the the seals and into the capsule opening.  Then the capsule hissed and opened like a blossom, the sides peeling out and downward. Inside was a single metal plate. Calowyn stared at it dumbfounded.  She pulled herself closer.  Something was etched on the outside of the plate in awkward script.  In messy carved block Old Englits letter characters it read “BREAK GLASS IN CASE OF EMERGENCY”. “What the hell does that mean?” she said aloud.  Her voice echoed slightly across the pit a few meters away. The etched words on the plate looked like someone had done it as an after thought.  Maybe when no one was looking right before it was placed into the capsule. A 100 year old, off-planet crime, Calowyn mused ironically. How do I report that one? Calowyn scanned the plate with her mask’s organic materials sensors.  Standard issue masks could only scan for known toxins and viruses but Warrant-issued masks came with enhanced capabilities. There was nothing on or in the material of the plate that indicated the presence of electronics.  Calowyn waved it around, trying to catch the light on it to see if any holograms appeared.  Nothing.  It was just a flat piece of metal.  She tried bending the metal.   She shot a small stream of disinfectant and then pure air from her auto-gloves on it to see if it was activated by liquid or forced air. Calowyn peered back into the capsule.  It was empty.  A deep rage began to swell inside her.  So much death.  So much loss and terror and...  And it was all for nothing.  For a prank that some Old World tech had decided to play on a future generation.  Maybe there had been something—no there had to have been something legitimate in the capsule originally.  No one went to the expense and effort to put something into space with an orbit path calculated so that it would come back to this exact location exactly when this planet was passing.  No one! Calowyn raised her hand to throw the thin metal sheet across the room, into the pit at the edge.  The pit the Executor had been trying to push her down only minutes before.  She stopped.  Too much had happened to cast it away.  Someone deserved it.  She tossed it onto the Executor’s blood-soaked back. “You keep it,” she said to the corpse.  “May it decorate the desk of one our august superiors as a hunting trophy.” For a moment, Calowyn thought the metal plate vibrated just slightly.  It slid off the Executor’s back and hit the floor.  At first, she thought for a horrified moment that he was still alive and waking up.  But long experience told her that even if by some off chance 20% that blood was hers he had still lost too much to be alive. Calowyn cocked her head and considered the metal plate.  She crawled over and picked it up.  On impulse she dipped a finger in the dead man’s blood and wiped it across the plate.  It almost felt as if it vibrated but she could not be sure.  She tried it a few more times but could not get the plate to vibrate again. Calowyn sucked her lips against her teeth and stared at the plate.  She knew it had vibrated on the corpse’s back.  Though it was possible that the plate just... Calowyn looked at her auto-gloved right hand.  After a very long moment of consideration and risk calculation she retracted her hand’s auto-glove.  Carefully, she pressed her bare palm against the metal plate.  Nothing. “You are not sensitive to body heat then,” she said to the plate.  What had the old man, the one who had started this whole horrible journey said?  It seemed like a hundred years ago now.  Slowly the words came to her. “The only things worth having are born out of blood.  Usually your own.” Calowyn took a deep breath and opened her right hand.  She used the plate to cut a shallow gash in her hand and swore as the pain hit her. It took Old Earth thousands of years to get into space but they had perfected sharp blades and pointy sticks probably on Day 1. The plate’s vibrating was easy to feel and see this time. A small voice came from the metal plate: “Hello.” Then a second voice: “Olah.” Then a third...and a fourth.  The plate continued to speak one word statements in different voices.  Calowyn turned the plate over and saw characters scrolling across it.  She watched them perplexed until she saw something that resembled Old Sinoese.  She tapped it and the plate’s characters resolved into Old Sinoese characters.  The plate also changed to an new voice and greeted her audibly in Old Sinoese. Calowyn smirked. Clever , she thought.  The “break glass” still did not make sense but knowing her violent ancestors there probably was some Old Earth ritual involving breaking glass swords over each other.  To one of them it would have clearly meant “stab yourself with a pointy object hard enough break your body’s best and first line of defense so that you can spill your own life-maintaining blood.” It was lengthy but Calowyn scrolled and read through the Old Sinoese characters three times and listened to the recorded voice twice.  After the first read through she wanted to make sure she had clearly understood each word. She understood now why so many people had not wanted this little time bomb to land.  The introduction was pure sedition.  The actual document was...it was something even worse. Calowyn played the voice recording again.  The computer generated, asexual voice spoke for the third time in that little room next to the enormous chasm. “There was a time when and place where people pledged their life and loyalty— not to a king, god, group or state—but rather to an idea.  Time passes, places disappear.  But ideas do not.  What is lost can be found.” And then it started: “We the People, in Order to form a more perfect Union...”
