
---
title: The escape
date: 2021-01-27
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

Dan could feel Rodney's presence behind him and he shot hot lasers through his back hoping Rodney could feel them. Michelle was taking her guard duty seriously and hadn’t glanced back at Dan since she had gotten up. ‘That was it’ Dan thought the biggest opportunity of my life and I blew it. Michelle gazed at the treeline occasionally being drawn to distant flashlights rotating around the persons who carried them. ‘I want to go back and lay down’ she thought, ‘I am very tired’ she reasoned with herself that’s why she wanted to go back, but she was wide awake. Rodney snored loudly. Michelle turned and shot Dan a worried glance. Dan, who very much wanted Rodney to stay asleep shrugged and smiled sheepishly. A beam of light ran across the cracks in the wall and Dan sucked in a tight breath. Rodney was in the middle of rolling a long snore as Dan clasped his nose shut with his thumb and forefinger and covered his mouth tightly. Rodney lay quiet for a second then flailed himself awake and Dan hurriedly whispered “Shut up, shut up.” Another passing beam of light shown through and they all froze. The light crept across the tree house then faded into the woods. “What was that for?” Balked Rodney. “You were snoring like a pig” Said Michelle in a sharp whisper. “I don’t snore, you stupid cu..” Dan cupped his hand over Rodney’s mouth. “Ah don’t lick me” Dan squeaked. “Well don’t infringe on my rights.” Rodney said. “Will you both stop” Said Michelle with as much force as could be crammed in a whisper. Dan shot Rodney a harsh glare, Rodney glared back, Michelle glared at both of them. “OK, I will stop, but you have to tell us how the hell you escaped” Rodney said. “No I don’t” Said Michelle obstinately. “Wait yeah, how did you escape?” Said Dan turning to face Michelle in an uneasy alliance with Rodney. “Why do you wanna know?” She said, turning to face the window. “What do you mean? You get kidnapped by some robe wearing weirdos and then you just appear in the woods?” Rodney said. “I got moved there. And so there, that’s it.” Michelle said matter of factly. “What do you mean got moved? They robe guys took you out here and you ran?” Dan enquired. “No, the robe guys took me to the gymnasium. They tied me up and blindfolded me, but come-on that hill and those potholes, not to mention the smell of sweat and mildew. They closed me in some closet I think.” Michelle said. “Well, then who moved you to the woods?” Rodney retorted. “So in the closet there was this book and..” “Wait I thought you were blindfolded” Dan interrupted. “I was” Michelle said shortly “I got it off, the robe dude didn’t tie it right. So I got this book and I was looking at it cause it was on, like a pedestal or some column thingy and “ “How could you see the book in the closet?” Rodney snapped. “There was a window” Michelle said. “Why didn’t you climb out?” Dan asked. “It was high up!” Michelle said, almost forgetting not to yell. “Will you let me finish?” Dan and Rodney nodded. “So I was looking through the pages of this weird book and “ “Wait how did you turn the pages?!” Rodney asked. “With my nose, shut up Rodney and let me finish.” Rodney gestured to continue. “So I get to this page and it says to say these words and then you can like disappear , and so I said the words, but nothing happened then I looked and saw you had say it while you were kissing somebody. “ Michelle explained. Dan calculated the implication skipping right over the fact magic is real and landed squarely on the fact he was almost the second person to kiss Michelle that night. “What your telling me is some book told to say something and kiss somebody and then you would disappear?” Rondey said incredulously. “Well there was something too about the person whom you kiss will forget you or not remember you or something.” Michelle explained. Dan recalculated, he was almost the second person to kiss Michelle that night but he would have been the only one who remembered kissing her in the morning. “Ok, I’ll bite. Whodya kiss?” Rodney asked. “That’s your question!? What about the fact I teleported or found a book that is like magic and magic freaking works in the real world?” Michelle asked. “No yeah who did you kiss?” Rodney asked again. Dan looked on afraid of the answer.
