---
title: 'The old theater'
date: 2020-07-16
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

"Dude this is by far the creepiest place we have ever broken into, including the old hospital" Rodney said his voice quivering as he hunched beneath a row of bushes.

"Relax, I have been in here before, it is just the old middle school, my cousin was in a play here before it closed" Daniel said shoving his way through the bushes. A single light illuminated the pale windowed double doors leading to the old school assembly hall. The hall was dark inside and looking in the only thing visible was a poster for a retirement party long past.

"There you dorks are!" Michelle said walking on the side walk by the parking lot. "Why are you in the bushes? There is no one here, like ever, Frank Upman used to bring me here in his car." Michelle looked over to a parking spot with potholes by a long forgotten but very full dumpster. Daniel winced a little bit thinking about Michelle with "Frank the Tank". "Get your head down, this ain't just some poorly chosen hookup spot, we found this in the code from some culty whacko's" Rodney said still hunched behind the bush. "Ok, one, don't tell me what to do, second, this is a fine hookup spot and third, if any one steps to me they got another thing coming." Michelle said pulling her hoodie over her head and crossing her arms. Rodney turned to whisper to Daniel "Listen, I know you like her, and I will NEVER understand why, but if she gets us killed it is on you!" Rodney said to Dan in cavern of thick green leaves. "What! Why is it my fault, she is not my wife or something." Dan exhaled. "You wish you masochist." Rodney said pushing Dan's shoulder. "Ok, maybe Michelle is right, we have been all over and nothing has happened to us, maybe we are just worried for no real thing?" Dan reasoned. "Hey I know I told you it was a good hookup spot but can you do that another time?" Michelle yelled.

"Will you keep your voice down!" Rodney whispered as loudly as he could popping up above the bushes eyes stretched wide. A slow roll of car lights rolled over Rodney in the bushes turning towards the parking lot. The crackle of tires on gravel broke the silence and the crickets stopped chirping in the distance. Light fell on Michelle who turned towards the car frozen in the middle of a wide clear stretch. Rodney ducked down back into the bushes and crawled over towards Dan who was on his hands and knees peering out. The car rolled towards Michelle and stopped a few feet from her. From where Rodney and Dan were hiding they could only make out the shape of the car, a sedan, dark green or maybe blue. A car door opened and the light from the car was obscured by a figuring moving towards Michelle. "HeY..!" Michelle said but was quickly muffled. Dan prepared to stand up but Rodney grabbed his shoulder. "Look!" he said pointing towards a dimly lit second figure by the car holding a short barreled shotgun. A red dot shown like a laser as the man with the gun scanned the lot. One car door slammed, then another, then another. The lights began to roll over the bushes as the car turned around in the parking lot. "C'mon Dan, we gotta get to our bikes!" Rodney said in a hurry. "What we can't just leave her! I love her I am going after them!" Dan whispered shoving his sleeves back. "I know lover boy, we gotta head off the car and see those tags! They gotta turn by the football field, if we hurry we can get there before they do."
