---
title: 'The 19'
date: 2021-07-04
tags: ['Hidden Intelligence', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Calowyn stared at Jax, watching him turn the heart shaped locket over and over in his hand. It danced along his fingers. The old magic trick he used to make kids trust that he was a ‘good guy’. The other hand, the one holding the pistol on her, did not waiver. Calowyn knew even though he was focused on the spinning locket he could and would fire before she was two steps forward. He did not need to look up. “Jax,” she tried again. “Give it to me.” “This thing is dangerous, Callie. The boss man said that was directly from the Top Brass.” Calowyn shifted her weight slightly and his head sprang up. The locket continued spinning over his fingers. “Let’s not get out of sorts now,” he said. He was smiling but there was no humor in it. “I need to sit,” she said. “I think you cracked a rib.” Jax considered her for a moment then nodded slowly. “Keep your hands out in front of you. Over there,” he said, waving at a spot on the wall. Calowyn took a few steps back, hands raised in front of her and put her back to the wall. Then she slid down it, grimacing. She had not been lying about her rib. She stretched her legs out in front of her. Jax seemed slightly disappointed. He thought I was going to drop my hands down and give him an excuse to shoot me. This is going to get old really fast. Jax turned his eyes back to the locket. “What do you think is inside of it?” “Something that the Brass are scared enough to send you out for.” Jax chuckled. The locket spun over and over again, catching the fire light. “They made you a long time ago. ‘Rebellious tendencies’. I saw your file.” “Good girls rarely make history.” Calowyn looked around slowly for anything she could grab and throw. “Don’t bother, Callie,” he said. “I picked that spot on the wall for a reason. We know all the same tricks, remember?” She sighed and settled back into the wall, crossing her ankles and holding her hands up above her head. “Arms tired? No upper body strength,” he chided, smiling. She scowled at him. “So now what?” she asked. “Now, we wait for a Cleaning Crew.” Calowyn raised an eyebrow. “You called for a Cleaner, not back-up.” Jax shook his head. “No way,” he said, holding up the locket. “This is my ticket out of the Warrants.” Outside in the hallway they heard a knock on the large iron door. “That will be my Cleaner. Or yours, I s’pose,” Jax said, starting to climb to his feet. It was awkward without the use of either hand. He managed to get onto one knee while keeping the gun trained on her. Calowyn closed her eyes and turned her head away, sighing. “Not everything, Jax.” Jax cocked his head. “Wha—“ She slid the boot of her crossed leg down her other boot. The boot’s heel clicked open. The first flash that came out of it was blinding and she heard Jax curse. Even with her eyes closed and her head turned she was seeing stars. The pistol went off but she had already rolled to the side. She sprang forward, eyes still closed, hoping Jax would not have had the presence of mind to move. Even through her closed eyes she could see the blinding flashes that kept coming from her heel. It was filling the room with light, then dark, light, then dark. Her shoulder slammed into something and she clawed desperately at it. She felt the hard plastic of the pistol and Jax’s hand. She bit down hard, jarring her jaw as she caught some of the plastic between her teeth but she got enough of his hand that he screamed in pain and his grip loosened slightly. Calowyn yanked the pistol out of his hands, turned it on him and fired wildly, her eyes still closed. She heard him grunt and then he fell forward onto her. Something, maybe his shoulder, hit her chin and jarred her senses for a moment. More by instinct than intention she started to wriggle out from under him. Her leg caught under him, wrenching her knee. The pain in her knee cleared her head enough for her to stop reacting out of instinct. She opened her eyes carefully. The flashes had stopped and she realized his body was blocking out the blinding flashes. She put the gun against his skull and waited. No response. The knocking on the door had turned to pounding. Calowyn pulled the gun back and reached down to feel for a pulse with her other hand. The second her fingers touched his neck he moved, blindingly fast. She tried to bring the gun up to fire but he grabbed her wrist and slammed her hand into the wall. The gun fell free and, trying to grab it, she accidentally batted it away. He was on top of her now with his fingers wrapped around her throat. The flashing was back, but apparently still partially obscured by his body. Or maybe that was her consciousness starting to fade. She tried to pull his arms and use his forward posture to roll him over her, but he released her throat with one hand and batted her hands away.  He back handed her hard and then grabbed her neck again. He was choking her, but slowly.   The bastard was savoring it, she thought. She slid her hands under his arms and pushed up on his chest. He laughed and leaned forward, using his bodyweight to crush her hands down. “No upper body strength, remember?” he sneered. Calowyn smiled up at him then. “I know,” she rasped. She slid her already bent arms up his chest, placing her wrists beside his face, twisted hands both outward, then slammed her fingers against his cheeks. He had enough time to stare at her smiling face in confusion before her auto-glove wristlets clicked and webbed plastic shot out. They engulfed her hands as per the manufacturer’s design and as per the manufacturer’s very explicit warning enveloped everything within an inch radius her fingers were touching—specifically Jax’s cheeks, nose, and mouth. He tried to scream but his open mouth just created another void for the auto-gloves to try to fill. He clutched at her hands, trying to pull them off but the gloves had already started to harden, these were designed for Wardens after all, not cheap Peruvian street knock offs. She stared up into his wild, terrified eyes. She could feel his jaw moving under her hands, but she was not sure if he was trying speak or maybe spit out the hardening plastic. Slowly his grasping hands became weaker and his eyes unfocused. And then he was gone, truly gone. With effort, Calowyn managed to twist her right wrist. The plastic of the auto-glove tried to retract into its wristlet’s socket but it could not separate from the other glove it had merged into. After a moment the wristlets severed the glove at the base. It began to whir happily as it mixed chemical compounds to be ready to create another auto-glove on demand. With her free hand, Calowyn twisted the left wristlet three full turns, slicing the glove at its base on the wristlet. The pounding on the iron door had stopped and now it sounded like someone was ramming something into it. These old bunkers had been built strong. She reached under Jax and felt around for her boot heel. Finding the off switch near the heel she turned the blinding flashing light off. She heard two shotgun blasts and then more ramming. Calowyn wriggled out from under Jax and climbed to her feet, swaying slightly. She heard the iron door finally give and open and heavy steps coming down the hallway. Calowyn checked the pistol’s magazine then reached into Jax’s vest and retrieved his Warrant card. She held it up and pointed her gun at the doorway as a Cleaner team came in with their shotguns drawn. The two, a man and a woman, trained their guns on her. The Warrant card emitted red lasers that chased over the room until they found the two Cleaners’ chests. Both Cleaners, without lowering their guns or taking their fingers off the tigger shrugged open their jackets. The Warrant cards’ red lasers found their badges and immediately changed from red to green. Calowyn sighed and lowered her pistol. The two Cleaners did the same then slowly took in the room. “You made a royal mess,” the male Cleaner said sourly. The female cleaner slung her weapon over her shoulder and flipped her hands. Thick plastic rolled down her hands and vacuum sealed, forming heavy, industrial-strength gloves. Calowyn’s stomach turned over in disgust slightly. “Perp is in there,” Calowyn said. She nodded her head to the storage room door. The woman took a step toward it.  “Just one?” Calowyn shook her head. “Check my partner first,” she said, pointing down at Jax with her gun.  He was facedown, the plastic gloves wrapping his nose and mouth were obscured. Calowyn stepped back to make way for the Cleaners. “The perp isn’t going anywhere.” “What is that?” one of the Cleaners said, slipping his shotgun over his shoulder. Calowyn and the other Cleaner followed his eyes to the opposite wall. Something was being projected onto it. The two walked over to the wall. “My partner?” Calowyn said. “Probably Bag-n-Tag anyways,” the man said without looking away from the projection on the wall.  He waved a hand in front of the light watching it play over his fingers.  “Where’s…?” Calowyn followed behind them a moment later. “Words, I think,” the female Cleaner said after a minute. “Too blurry to read, though.” The male Cleaner looked back at the wall.  “Sort of make it out…’We’ something.” “Words worth dying for apparently,” Calowyn said.  She raised the pistol and quickly shot each Cleaners in the back of the head. Then watched their bodies slump to the floor.  When she was sure they were dead she looked back up at the words on the wall. She followed the projected words back to their source. Laying on the ground, propped on its side was the locket. Calowyn walked over and knelt down, peering at it. The heart shaped diamond had been dislodged slightly from the titanium metal casing. From the blood around it she guessed she had hit it with one of her wild blind shots when Jax was holding it. She could see now that the metal behind the diamond had been highly polished.  It was catching the light of the fire and reflecting it through the diamond slightly. Still the metal and diamond were intact. “Built to last,” Calowyn said. “Intentionally…” she said slowly.  She reached a finger down and pried the diamond the rest of the way out. The words disappeared from the wall immediately. She stared at the diamond. Occlusions…occlusions had reduced its value when she and Jax had gone to get it appraised. That was what the old jeweler said. Said before he tried to get her and Jax to leave it with him at the shop so he could replace it with “a diamond of quality befitting Wardens”. She had attributed it to garden variety greed at the time. “What did you see that scared you so much and fascinated you at the same time?” she whispered. Calowyn tried to hold the diamond up to the light to get a better look at the occlusions then recoiled when light shot into her eyes. For a moment, she thought her heel flash weapon had been triggered again somehow. Then she held the diamond up to the dancing firelight but aimed its front at the wall. The words appeared again. She moved the diamond back until it was next to the fire, almost in it. The words were clearer but still blurry. Calowyn knew she needed to leave. Cleaner check-ins happened at the end of a job but Jax would have checked in after their arrival. It would not be long before someone sent a first responder TAC unit to have a look around. Still…what could cause the Brass to give two Wardens carte blanche investigating authority? But why only two Wardens? Why only a single team and not a full Cohort? Calowyn considered the diamond. Then she walked over and swapped her auto-glove wristlets for the female Cleaner’s. It took her a few tries to figure out the correct sequence but eventually thick gloves enveloped her hands. She carried the diamond to the fire and placed it directly into it and angled the front toward the wall. She could feel the light pressure as the Cleaner’s auto-gloves began frantically shedding then rebuilding layers to protect her hands from the searing heat.  Cleaners got all the best tech. The words were clear on the wall now. The first paragraph made little sense. She was about to pocket the diamond and retrieve the metal casing—they could be turned into credit she would need to travel—then her eyes hit the second paragraph. A mix of emotions came over her. There was more written—much, much more—but those first thirteen words… What had the jeweler said to her—no, not said to her, to Jax. Not to her, the aging, brooding, ice-eyed bitch. Said to Jax, beautiful Jax who made everybody laugh. Made everyone comfortable enough to tell him anything and everything. Jax who would sell his own mother and anyone else’s to climb up out of the Wardens to real power. What had the old man said? Some words are more valuable than even jewels. Especially when said at the right time. At the time, she had though he meant “I love you” or “I need you” or some of the other droll nonsense people said each other. Calowyn slowly read the words projected on the wall again. They were just words but the implications…the threat to this world of Wardens and control. Of terror for a few to keep the rest safe and protected. Or was it the other way around? She checked her chronometer then rifled through the clothes of the Cleaners and Jax. She took their pistols as they were easily disassembled and concealed. Anything that could be sold she pocketed. She knew should be going-to-ground right now. Yet the Brass and their leash holders needed a report, didn’t they? Calowyn had never failed to compete a mission and she was not about to start now. No investigation is complete without its cold, clinical Report of Findings. Reduce the names and lives of the “guilty” to their birth-assigned number then file them away to be forgotten in The Archive. The Brass needed to know what she had found here in the bunker under the old world wreckage. She started to search for something to write with. Then she spied Jax and smiled slowly. It was a little dramatic but she knew he would approve of the method (though not the message). It took her a minute to drag the male Cleaner over to the wall next to where the words were still being projected. She retrieved the diamond from the fire and the metal casing. She did not need to see the words anymore; they were burned into her mind. When she was done she cleaned her hands, gathered her things, and left through the iron door. She had used her bare hands, ungloved. Somehow it just felt right. Thirty minutes later, the first TAC team arrived on the scene. After they reported in their initial findings they were ordered to secure the premises, bag the bodies, scrub the wall completely and then blow up the bunker. A second TAC team was quickly and quietly dispatched with orders to liquidate the first TAC team and destroy the bunker—but they were not to enter the bunker for any reason. It did not matter.  Pandora’s Box had been opened.  The 19 Words Of Calowyn or “The 19” would be seen again and again.  The other writings from the diamond-heart shaped locket would come eventually as well.  They would give the 19 more context and spark many things.  But The 19 would be the first crack in the glass.  Who better to deliver them than an aging, ice-eyed ex-Warden with a penchant for breaking pretty things. Born in the Fire, Written in Blood: We Hold These Truths To Be Self-Evident, All Are Created Equal… — Calowyn
