
---
title: Thumper
date: 2021-03-12
tags: ['Uncategorized', 'Carl Schreiber']
---

Most people in town seemed to have a selective memory regarding Matthew. Matthew Mark Luke / Thumper did not. He remembered very well the sad sap who bored people so bad that he was not allowed to talk to anyone operating heavy equipment. That was the old Matthew , he thought. Pull yourself together . About a month back Matthew had been known as “Thumper”—another inglorious nickname given out by the town’s resident bitch Michelle. Why his parents thought naming a kid “Matthew Mark Luke” was a good idea… but the biblical reference was only partly where “Thumper” had come from. As (bad) luck would have it, Michelle had been waiting behind him in line at the town library checkout desk one sunny day. The venerable librarian Miss Althea had unwisely chosen that moment to strike up a conversation with Matthew. “Are you old enough to check out these books?” She had asked.  Something that may have been a smile tried to split her lips apart. Matthew had shuddered inwardly looking at that rictus while quietly assuring her he was.  Eventually through furtive hand gestures he was able to assure her he was in his 20s.  No one wanted to be around when Michelle was in a mood—and by her scowl Matthew could tell she was in a bad one. “At my age you all look barely out of nappies,” the librarian laughed. It sounded like sandpaper rubbing together.  “How old do you think I am?” Miss Althea slammed the date stamp down on the back of the book she was holding. “Oh,” he said, the jumped as a loud thump, similar to the date stamp rang out through the library. Miss Althea and he looked down at the date stamp at the same time. Behind him Michelle peered around him to see what they was looking at. After a moment, Miss Althea shrugged and raised the stamp to stamp another book. “You were saying….” “Maybe—“ Matthew started then another loud slamming sound. Was someone in the stacks dropping books? “Maybe—“ Slam! “Forty—“ Slam! “Five,” Matthew finished. Slam! Miss Althea, Matthew and now Michelle all peered into the reading room. Four people had fallen asleep at their desk. “What the…?” Michelle said behind him. “Or so,”’Matthew added. Slam! Slam! Two more people were now facedown, asleep in the book they had just been reading moments before. “Do it again,” Michelle said, poking him hard in the ribs. “Ow! Stop that!” Slam! Slam! Slam! Three more people nodded off. “Whoa,” Michelle said. “Are they dead?” She poked Matthew again. “You bored them to death I think.” Matthew spun around “No—“ He heard Miss Althea cry out behind him “Double jugg diddle!” then Slam! Matthew turned back and saw Miss Althea was now face down in her—no, his books. He opened his mouth but Michelle snaked an arm around and cover his mouth with her hand. “Don’t!” She yelled. “Don’t say anything else!” He tried to protest but she had a surprisingly strong grip for someone half his age and not a guy. Without taking her hand from his mouth she stepped around him and examined Miss Althea. “Sleeping,” she announced. She pulled her hand back. “Say something else,” she told him. He knew he should not, but there was something in her tone, some steel in her voice. “What—“ Slam! “—should—“ Slam! “I say?” He finished quickly. Slam! Matthew and Michelle looked around, listening. They waited for a few seconds. “Looks like you got the whole library,” Michelle said in wonderment. “That is straight down crazy town.” “How—“ Matthew started but Michelle waved him quiet. She twirled a piece of hair around her finger, thinking. “What are you thinking?” He asked. Michelle opened her mouth to speak, “Something is—“ Matthew felt slightly dizzy for a moment.  He put a hand on the librarian’s desk to steady himself. When he looked up Michelle looked, looked confused.  Then she smiled wickedly at him.  “Thumper,” she said. “What?” “You’re new name is ‘Thumper’.  Because of your Bible thumping parents and the sound people’s heads make as they hit the ground when you start talking.” Matthew was horrified.  Michelle’s names were permanent, used by all and they usually stung.  Yet somehow it felt...right. Still... “Please, Michelle, don’t—“ “Thumper,” she said and nodded.  “Thumper.” Back in the diner Matthew shuddered.  Thumper was dead and gone and Matthew was here now.  And he would do anything to keep it that way.
