
---
title: Town hall
date: 2019-10-09
tags: ['After School Murder Club', 'Cole', 'Coley Angel']
---

"Dan I don't think there is gonna be anything helpful in town hall." Rodney said strolling next to his friend. Dan ducked beneath the holly bushes. "Shh! Come this way. Listen I think we should at least check it out. I don't think secret messages and Sarah's disappearance are just, ya know, coincidence. Plus all you want to do is sit outside TJ's place, I can't take anymore of that! He is the least interesting person to watch." Dan said crawling through a thin maze of pointy bushes. "That guy is guilty!" Rodney said in a hushed voice and followed through the bushes holding up a green lighter. "So you think he abducted her AND wants to help with the investigation?" Dan remarked and turned to stop in a small clearing of underbrush. "He is a nut! He doesn't think we are smart enough to catch him. He thinks he can just say some things and we will stop being suspicious. Well little does he know no evidence could stop me believin he did it!" Rodney raved in a quiet but biting voice. Dan rolled his eyes. "Well we are here now lets just take a look around. It's up ahead there is a basement window." Dan pointed towards a brushy rabbit trail concealed beneath the tall bushes. "Ok, hear me out. No one else is up in arms about this. The police, even your Dad isn't doing nothin but puttin up posters. My theory is that they know TJ done it and they are protecting him cause he is the star player for the Lumberjacks." Rodney poked his palm with his pointer finger to punctuate his theory. "Rodney, Hank Starr is Sarah's Uncle, no way would he put TJ before his family. Plus he is one of the good ones, my dad said he believes in duty and all that." Dan raised his eyebrows. Rodney raised a finger to fire back, but didn't. "C'mon" Dan said starting to crawl to the window. The small pen light bounced off of the grimy glass of the low cellar window. "Is there anything Hank is into that someone could be blackmailing him for?" Rodney sounded earnest trying to make the world fit into his story. "Rodney! No, if the theory doesn't fit the facts you have to change the theory, that's science. That is what Mr. S always says when we guess wrong in the weekly murder scenario." Dan turned the flashlight towards his friend and gave him sharp look. "I still think he did it." Rodney said obstinately. The two pulled on the wood window frame which slowly lifted a few inches above the dirt. Dan shined the flashlight into the dark basement. "Ya know that message 'Town hall says suppress all information about the girl', may not refer to the actual, well town hall." Rodney's voice cracked as he peered into the still black room of the old building. "I'm going in, I got a feeling we have to." Dan confidently slid head first into the gloom. He would never let me forget it, Rodney thought as he reluctantly crawled through the small opening.
