---
title: Trips and sips
date: 2021-07-13
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

People changing is natural. Nothing is quite so uncomfortable as the unfamiliar, moving from here to there it can be difficult to snap into a body with braces or blink into an outfit with a popped collar. The changes in temperature take getting used to, Michaels dorm was persistently warm and humid, but the past was all different temperatures in no particular order. Bodily temperature would come in like your whole body was twisted in some funny way and you just untwisted and the torso and legs and arms would all start feeling again.  Finally there was the slow roll in of bodily alerts. Around five minutes of being in some time little urges would emerge, some strictly functional, bathroom, hunger, thirst, and alertness, others were of the social and primal in nature. Realising a sudden need to pee is uncomfortable but not shocking. The arrival of imploding embarrassment or ravenous infatuation or unfettered jump up and down excitement was like your inner being being pulled around in a headlock. Probably the most strange thing about moving from one moment to some well remembered point was how it took no energy at all, it was like falling asleep, but not being tired just closing your eyes and smelling something nice, then opening your eyes and seeing the nice thing. Michael had just gotten back from a beach trip the summer of senior year in high school. The anchor was a hot handrail and the smell of salt and wet towels. He sat up in his dorm, blinking fading from sunburn and flip flops to sweat pants and the faint rumble of pens on the desk. He reached over and flipped the metal switch powering down the cognition wire. He hadn’t been gone for a few hours and he thought he might make another trip that night. He stretched and stood up carefully and walked over to the cork board. There was a picture from the beach, he was grinning red faced and Ellory was laughing holding a vanilla ice cream cone in one hand and a putt putt club in the other. He smiled, it would only take a day or two for the memory of that time to wash in. Michael carefully opened a box of frozen sausage biscuits and plugged in a microwave that shared an outlet with his speakers. He waited two minutes after his food had heated to be sure he could feel heat before reaching in and devouring his biscuit. Right before he finished he had two emotions raise their hands, one was an intense need to pee, the other was a sense of having misplaced something. Michael’s eyes darted from one side to the other scanning his desk and mattress, after a few moments of cross legged searching he went to the bathroom and decided to just make a note and do some more travelling. “Find something or remember to search” He wrote on a sticky note and pasted it on his laptop. He looked at his list and placed another check mark beside ‘a person to travel with’. Scanning down the list there were only two items with no check and a few with only one. Time for ‘someone for the first day of school’. Ellory had arrived at college two days after move in due to her dad having his appendix removed. He knew she would probably look for him but last first days of school he didn’t know her. “Anchor?” He thought laying back and flipping the metal switch. The speakers whirred and deep sound bounced and jingled the loose things taking residence inside drawers and storage bins. “Coca-cola” Ike thought about the strangely perfect coke he had just after the welcome dodgeball tournament the second night of school. Somehow the syrup and the carbonation played just right on the ice and he remembered feeling like he was in the right place when he took his first sip. A weird, non-empirical analysis in hindsight but it made sense at the time. Michael opened his eyes, the soda before him bubbling and fizzing just so. He rocked from one side to another and the soda spilled down his hand. Where am I? He thought as music blasting filled his ears. He was in a truck, or maybe a jeep. His legs where straddling a cooler and beside him was a grinning buffoon straddling a large tent. “Are we going camping?” Michael asked the foon, “Hell yeah brother” said the foon holding out a hand for a high five. Michael extended an elbow and the subsequent whap made him spill more of his perfect coke on the floor. Michael after only a minute or two was overcome with the feeling he was not where he should be.
