
---
title: Wet puppy kisses
date: 2019-05-15
tags: ['Cole', 'The Portrait of Ellory', 'Coley Angel']
---

This isn’t good. Not at all what Michael intended and he wasn’t sure how to recover. Bailey panted in the front seat next to Michael, her nose smudged into the narrow opening of the window. The salty air made Bailey sneeze, Michael smiled at the exhausted but still very excited pooch. Bailey had been made to ride in the back on the way to the beach next to the chairs, buckets and umbrella but she had been promoted to the front seat. Hey your such a good girl Michael said scratching Baileys ears. Ellory starred out the window with her chin in her hand. Want to stop and get something to eat? Michael said. No thank you, Ellory said from the back seat. Ellory shook her head at her on reflection in the car window. Ellory's nose was bright red she scratched it softly feeling the burned skin. She paused her scratching as Michael looked back in the rear view mirror and pretended to be in a thoughtful pose. At a stop light two girls in bikinis walked by waving at Bailey in the front seat of the car. Their thin bodies looked like the cheerleader car wash type. Ellory turned her eyes towards Michael who had was looking intently at the display of inflatable boats and flag towels. She turned to see the pair adjusting their thin tops before walking onto the beach. A gaggle of bikers rumbled up besides the jeep, their zinc plated bikes rumbling the windows and causing Bailey to stand on all fours and pace excitedly. Ellory looked at large woman on the back of on of the rumbling bikes with a bulbous boil sitting to one side of her nose, her leather jacket was embroidered with the name "Big Crib" on the back. Crib waved with two hot dog tanned fingers. Ellory smiled timidly.

Michael remembered this day as he had spent it before, he had Seth and Clay ride up with him to the beach and they met Caitlin and Bethany. Caitlin had borrowed two bottles of rum from her parents and the group had shots and mixed drinks with sunny D from the gas station. They toasted Clay and Bethany for admission into state, Bethany was feeling victorious and playful. Michael's remembrance was interrupted by Baileys tail wacking him repeatedly as the bikers sparked forward blasting thunderous sound. Actually I think I do want to eat somewhere, Ellory said looking out on the pier taking in the sights of a busy fish fry food truck. Looks good to me Michael said as the light turned green. Ellory didn't sound playful but their was effort to avoid sounding sad and Michael was grateful for that. "Smells yummy!" Michael said stepping out onto the sidewalk to pump quarters into a hungry meter. Michael walked to the side door to help Ellory out. "You know I like little dives like this, super sterile and clean restaurants don't taste as good, know what I mean?" Michael said offering a hand to Ellory who was climbing over a beach chair. Ellorys fingers brushed the back of Michael's hand as she hopped down. "Yeah it's good for now." Ellory retorted marching towards the fair of fried food and colorful trucks and shops on the pier.
